=== PAGE 1 ===
To be a department of International
repute through continuous research,
innovation and industry led
curriculum.
VISION
MISSION
To Impart Quality Education with
social consciousness and make them
Globally Competent.

=== PAGE 2 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science
Program Handbook


=== PAGE 3 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 2
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Program Educational Objectives (PEOs)
PEOs
PEO PEO Description
1 Practice engineering in a broad range of industrial, societal and real-world applications.
2
Pursue  advanced  education,  research  and development,  and other creative  and innovative  efforts  in 
science, engineering, and technology, as well as other professional careers.
3 Conduct themselves in a responsible, professional, and ethical manner.
4
Participate  as leaders  in their fields  of expertise  and in activities  that support  service  and economic 
development throughout the world.

=== PAGE 4 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 3
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Program Outcomes & Program Specific Outcomes (PO & PSO)
PO & PSO
PO/PSO PO/PSO Description
PO1
Engineering Knowledge: An ability to apply knowledge of mathematics, science, engineering fundamentals 
and an engineering specialization for the solution of complex engineering problems in engineering 
PO2
Problem  Analysis:  An ability  to identify,  formulate,  research  literature,  analyze  complex  engineering 
problems in engineering using the first principles of mathematics, natural sciences and engineering sciences 
PO3
Design/ development  of solutions:  An ability to design solutions  for complex engineering  problems  and 
system component  or processes  that meet the specified  needs considering  public health & safety and 
cultural, societal & environment 
PO4
Conduct investigations  of complex problems:  An ability to use research-based  knowledge  and research 
methods  including  design  of experiments,  analysis  and interpretation  of data and synthesis  of the 
information to obtain solutions to engineering problems.
PO5
Modern tool usage: Ability  to create,  select and apply appropriate  techniques,  resources  and modern 
engineering activities, with an understanding of the limitations.
PO6
The engineer  and society:  Ability  to apply reasoning  informed  by the contextual  knowledge  to assess 
societal,  health,  safety,  legal and cultural  issues  and the consequent  responsibilities  relevant  to the 
professional engineering practice.
PO7
Environment  and  sustainability  Ability  to demonstrate  the  knowledge  of engineering  solutions, 
contemporary issues understanding their impacts on societal and environmental contexts, leading towards 
sustainable development.
PO8
Ethics: An ability to apply ethical principles  and commit to professional  ethics and responsibilities  and 
norms of engineering practice.
PO9
Individual and team work: An ability to function effectively as an individual, and as a member or leader in 
diverse teams and in multi- disciplinary settings.
PO10
Communication: Ability to communicate effectively oral, written reports and graphical forms on complex 
engineering activities.
PO11
Project management and finance: Ability to demonstrate knowledge and understanding of engineering and 
management  principles  and apply those ones own work, as a member and leader in team, to manage 
projects and in multi-disciplinary environments 
PO12
Lifelong learning An ability to recognize  the need for and having the preparation  and ability to engage 
independent and life-long learning in broadest context of technological change
PSO1
An ability to design and develop Artificial Intelligence technology into innovative products for solving real 
world problems. 
PSO2
An ability to design and develop Data Science methods for analyzing massive datasets to extract insights by 
applying AI as a tool 
PSO3
An ability to apply basic principles and practices of computing supported by mathematics and science to 
successfully  develop software related engineering  projects to meet customer business objectives and/or 
productively engage in research.

=== PAGE 5 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 4
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Program Rules & Regulations
Admission Eligibility Criteria
A Pass in 10+2 or equivalent examination with 60% in aggregate and 60% and above (or) equivalent CGPA in Group subjects 
- Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics. 
Program Structure and Curriculum
For each academic program, the curriculum serves as a framework that specifies the credits, course category, codes, titles, and 
delivery methods (Lectures, Tutorials, Practice, Skills, Projects, Self-Study, Capstone Design, etc.) under the Choice-Based 
Credit System (CBCS) . The curriculum is designed, implemented, and assessed following the Outcome-Based Education 
(OBE) framework. In designing the curriculum, we ensure the integration of key contemporary and traditional values by 
embedding Indian Knowledge Systems (IKS), Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and Design Thinking principles into 
courses at their inception.  
Each Academic Year consists of two regular semesters, each approximately 20 weeks including classwork and 
exams: 
•
Odd Semester: July to December •
Even Semester: December to May •
A Summer Term may be offered from May to June but is not considered a regular semester for calculating program 
duration.
•
Students have the flexibility to choose courses as prescribed by KLEF.•
Each course has a Lecture-Tutorial-Practice-Skill (L-T-P-S)component. •
Course Credit Structure:
Credits are allocated to courses based on the L-T-P-S structure: 
Every Lecture or Tutorial hour equals 1 credit. •
Every Practical hour equals 0.5 credits. •
Every Skill-based practice hour equals 0.25 credits. •
Course Precedence:
The following are the guidelines for registering into courses with pre-requisites.
A course may have one or more of its preceding course(s) as pre- requisite(s).•
To register for a course, the student must successfully be promoted in these course(s) earmarked as pre-requisite(s) 
for that course.
•
Academic Flexibilities
Major Flexibilities:
Honors: Honors can be awarded if students complete additional courses from their core program and earn 20 extra 
credits through specified category of courses.
•
Honors through Research: Honors through Research offers students the chance to explore their chosen field of study 
in greater depth, cultivate valuable research skills, and make meaningful contributions to their specific area of interest. 
Students can be awarded this Degree upon fulfilling the requirement of earning an additional 20 credits through 
specified category of courses.
•

=== PAGE 6 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 5
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Honors through Innovation:  Honors through Innovation emphasize the exploration of innovative ideas, problem-
solving, and creative thinking within a particular field of study. It may provide opportunities for students to engage in 
innovative projects, research, or entrepreneurial activities. Students can be awarded their degree upon successful 
completion of additional courses from their core program and earning an extra 20 credits through specified category 
of courses.
•
Honors through Experiential Learning:  Honors through Experiential Learning focuses on hands-on, practical 
experiences that complement and enhance traditional classroom learning. Students will be eligible for the degree upon 
the successful completion of additional courses from their core program and the attainment of 20 extra credits through 
specified category of courses. 
•
For the above said categories, if a student fails to meet the CGPA and SGPA requirements, at any point after registration, 
she/he will be dropped from the list of students eligible for the specified Degree, then student will receive B.Tech. Degree 
only. However, such students will receive a separate grade sheet mentioning the additional courses completed by them.
 
Program Add-ons:
Specialization: Specialization degree can be awarded if student completes five professional electives and one skill 
development course in the same track of his/her interest.
•
Minor: Minor degree can be awarded if student fulfills all the program requirements of their discipline and are 
successful in completing a specified set of courses from another discipline through which they earn an additional 20 
credits are eligible to get minor degree in that discipline.
•
Double Major: Double Major degree can be awarded if student earns 40 additional credits from the selected second 
major stream in addition to fulfilling the requirements of their first major.
•
 

=== PAGE 7 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 6
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Registration Process
Key Guidelines:
Course Availability:  Students are permitted to register only for courses offered in the specific semester of 
enrollment.
•
Prerequisites: Any prerequisite courses must be successfully completed before registering for subsequent courses.•
Timely Registration: Students must register on the designated registration day. KLEF reserves the right to deny 
late registrations.
•
Add/Drop/Change Period: Students have a one-week window from the start of classes to add a course and two-
weeks to drop or change courses.
•
Credit Limits:•
The recommended credit load is 22-24.•
The maximum credit load per semester is 30.•
If a student finds the standard load overwhelming, they can opt for deceleration, taking fewer courses now 
and making up the credits in a future summer semester.
•
Students in honors programs or pursuing a minor may be allowed to take on a heavier load through 
overloading, subject to eligibility criteria.
•
Elective Course Availability:  KLEF may cancel elective courses with low enrollment within the first week. 
Students will be able to switch to another elective if they meet its prerequisites.
•
Re-registration: If a student wants to improve their grade in a course, they can re-register for it with approval 
from the Dean of Academics.
•
Registration Cancellation: KLEF can cancel a student's registration for disciplinary reasons or plagiarism.•
Timetable Clashes:  Students are responsible for resolving any timetable conflicts. They should contact their 
Department Year Coordinator immediately if any clashes arise.
•
Irregularities: If any irregularities are found in a student's registration later on, KLEF may cancel their registration 
for a course or even the entire semester.
•
Registration Flexibilities: 
Choice of electives:  Students have the flexibility to choose from a diverse set of elective courses that align with 
their personal interests or career objectives.
•
Choice of faculty:  Students have the flexibility to choose their preferred faculty members for certain courses, 
depending on departmental policies and course availability.
•
Acceleration & Overloading:  Students can accelerate their progress by taking courses from the next semester in 
advance, or overload by taking more credits than the standard limit. Prior permission from the Dean of Academics 
is required for either of these.
•
Deceleration & Underloading:  If students need to lighten their course load, they can decelerate by postponing 
some courses to the next semester, or underload by taking fewer credits than usual. Students who do not register on 
time, may also be forced to decelerate to compensate the classwork that they missed due to late registration. In both 
the cases of deceleration, permission must be sought from Office of Dean Academics through proper channel.
•

=== PAGE 8 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 7
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Special Purpose Semesters:•
Innovation Semester: An Innovation Semester is a dedicated academic term focused on cultivating a culture 
of creativity, problem-solving, and entrepreneurial thinking. It provides students with the opportunity to 
develop innovative solutions to real-world challenges.
•
Product Development Semester: A Product Development Semester is an academic term dedicated to the 
process of creating new products or improving existing ones. It provides students with hands-on experience 
in the entire product lifecycle, from ideation to market launch.
•
Rapid Prototyping Semester: A Rapid Prototyping Semester is an academic term dedicated to the practical 
application of rapid prototyping techniques to create physical models or prototypes of products or designs. 
It provides students with hands-on experience in transforming digital designs into tangible objects.
•
Research Semester: A research semester is a dedicated period within an academic program focused on 
independent research or scholarly inquiry. It provides students with the opportunity to delve deep into a 
specific research topic or project under the guidance of a faculty mentor.
•
Summer Term Registration: 
The Summer Term is designed to help students catch up or get ahead. Here are the guidelines:
Eligibility: Students can register for summer courses if they have backlogs to clear, need to fulfill pre-requisites, or 
have been approved for acceleration.
•
Credit Limit: The maximum credit load for the summer term is 12.•
Timetable Clashes: Students should ensure there are no conflicts in their summer course schedule.•
Attendance & Promotion: The same policies apply as in regular semesters, except that attendance condonation is 
not available in the summer.
•
Course Categories
Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences  (HAS): The Humanities, Arts, and Social Sciences (HAS) category 
encompasses a diverse range of academic disciplines designed to broaden students' perspectives beyond their core 
areas of study. As part of the undergraduate curriculum, students can choose from a variety of courses within this 
category, including Foreign Language Electives and Management Electives. These courses offer valuable 
opportunities for students to develop skills in communication, cultural understanding, and management, 
complementing their technical education and fostering a well-rounded academic experience.
•
Basic Science Courses (BSC):  The Basic Science category covers key courses in subjects like Mathematics, 
Physics, and Chemistry, providing a strong scientific foundation for undergraduate students. This category includes 
Mathematics Electives and Science Electives, offering students the flexibility to choose courses that align with 
their interests. These courses help develop essential problem-solving and analytical skills, which are critical for 
understanding advanced concepts in their field. Basic Science courses also play a vital role in applying scientific 
principles to real-world engineering and research challenge.
•
Engineering Science Courses (ESC) : The Engineering Science category comprises foundational engineering 
courses that introduce students to essential principles and methods used in various engineering fields. These 
courses provide the necessary technical background and practical knowledge required for more advanced study and 
specialization in engineering disciplines.
•
Professional Core Courses (PCC):  Professional Core Courses (PCC) are essential courses within each 
engineering discipline that provide foundational knowledge and skills critical to the field. These courses are 
integral to the curriculum and ensure that students acquire the core competencies necessary for their professional 
practice.
•

=== PAGE 9 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 8
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Flexi Core Courses (FCC): Flexi Core Courses offer students a degree of flexibility within their core curriculum. 
These courses are designed to complement the professional core courses while allowing students to select topics 
that align with their career goals and personal interests. Flexi Core Courses are integral to ensuring that students 
receive a comprehensive education while exploring specialized areas that may not be covered in the traditional core 
courses.
•
Skill Development Courses (SDC):  Skill Development Courses are designed to equip students with practical, 
hands-on skills that enhance their employability and professional capabilities. These courses often focus on soft 
skills, technical proficiency, and industry-relevant competencies, such as communication, teamwork, leadership, 
digital literacy, and industry-specific software tools. By offering both theoretical knowledge and practical training, 
these courses help bridge the gap between academia and the professional world.
•
Professional Elective Courses (PEC): Professional Elective Courses (PEC) are required for students who wish to 
pursue a specific specialization within their field of study. These courses allow students to focus on advanced 
topics and gain in-depth knowledge in their area of interest, tailoring their education to align with their career 
goals. By completing the designated PECs, students can achieve a degree of specialization that enhances their 
expertise and prepares them for specific roles or industries in their professional journey.
•
Project Research and Internship (PRI):  Project Research and Internship courses provide students with real-
world experience by engaging them in research projects and internships in industry or academia. These courses are 
essential for developing practical problem-solving skills, fostering innovation, and giving students the opportunity 
to apply the theoretical knowledge gained in the classroom to real-life scenarios. Through internships and research 
projects, students can gain industry exposure, improve their technical skills, and prepare themselves for 
professional careers or advanced studies.
•
Open Elective Courses (OEC): Open Elective Courses offer students the flexibility to explore subjects outside 
their core discipline, fostering interdisciplinary learning and intellectual diversity. Available across all university 
programs, these courses encourage students to integrate knowledge from various fields, promoting innovation and 
a holistic understanding of global issues. Open Electives play a key role in broadening student academic 
perspectives and preparing them for multifaceted professional challenges.
•
Value-Added Courses (VAC):  Value-Added Courses are designed to enhance employability by providing 
students with training that leads to globally recognized certifications or specialized skills. These courses focus on 
industry-relevant knowledge and practical applications, ensuring students are well-prepared for current job market 
demands. By offering advanced skills and certifications, Value-Added Courses give students a competitive edge in 
their careers.
•
Social Immersive Learning (SIL): Social Immersive Learning (SIL) is an informal learning approach facilitated 
through the Student Activity Centre, where students earn credits by actively participating in a wide range of events. 
These include Extension, Social & Outreach Events, Technology Club Events, Literary, Hobby & Cultural Events, 
Innovation, Incubation & Entrepreneurship Events, and Health & Well-Being Events. SIL emphasizes experiential 
and activity-based learning, fostering personal growth and social engagement. The course is evaluated based on the 
points students accumulate through their involvement, offering a flexible, real-world learning experience that 
complements their formal education.
•
Bridge Courses: Bridge Courses are designed to address academic gaps and ensure continuity between Basic 
Sciences, Engineering Sciences, and Professional Courses. These courses, identified through gap analysis and 
stakeholder feedback, serve as a foundation for students, helping them transition smoothly between academic 
levels or disciplines. Bridge Courses reinforce fundamental concepts and skills, preparing students for more 
advanced coursework in their academic programs.
•
Audit Courses (AUC): Audit courses are courses that students can attend without receiving a formal grade or credit 
towards their degree. These courses are often chosen by students who want to learn a subject for personal enrichment 
or to gain knowledge in areas outside of their major. 
•

=== PAGE 10 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 9
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Honors Flexi Core Courses (HFC):  Honors Flexi Core Courses (HFC) provide students pursuing honors 
programs with the flexibility to choose from a range of core courses tailored to their specific academic interests and 
career goals. These courses are designed to offer advanced content and greater depth in core subjects, allowing 
students to personalize their academic journey while fulfilling the requirements of their honors program.
•
Honors Through Research Courses (HRC): Honors Through Research Courses (HRC) enable students to engage 
in in-depth research projects as part of their honors curriculum. These courses focus on developing student research 
skills, critical thinking, and analytical abilities, allowing them to contribute original knowledge to their field of 
study. Through hands-on research experiences, students gain valuable insights and prepare for advanced academic 
or professional pursuits.
•
Honors Through Innovation Courses (HIC):  Honors Through Innovation Courses (HIC) emphasize creativity 
and innovation within the honors program framework. These courses encourage students to explore cutting-edge 
technologies, develop novel solutions to real-world problems, and engage in entrepreneurial activities. By focusing 
on innovation, students can apply their learning to create impactful projects and drive advancements in their areas 
of interest.
•
Honors Through Experiential Learning Courses (HEC):  Honors Through Experiential Learning Courses 
(HEC) integrate practical, hands-on experiences with academic study. These courses offer students opportunities to 
apply theoretical knowledge in real-world settings through internships, fieldwork, or community projects. HEC 
courses aim to enhance student learning by providing experiential opportunities that complement their honors 
education and contribute to their personal and professional development.
•
Minor Degree Courses (MIN):  Students pursuing a Minor Degree must complete a designated set of Minor 
Degree Courses. These courses are carefully selected to provide a structured and cohesive understanding of the 
minor subject, complementing the student's major field of study. By fulfilling these requirements, students gain 
specialized knowledge and skills in an additional discipline, which enhances their overall academic profile and 
broadens their career opportunities.
•
Minor Skill Development Courses (MSDC): Minor Skill Development Courses (MSDC) must be completed as 
part of the selected minor degree. These courses are designed to provide targeted skill-building opportunities 
relevant to the minor field, focusing on practical and industry-specific competencies. By engaging in MSDC, 
students develop specialized skills that complement their major and enhance their overall expertise, making them 
more versatile and competitive in their chosen career paths.
•
Second Major Flexi Core Courses (SMFC): Second Major Flexi Core Courses (SMFC) are designed for students 
pursuing a second major, offering flexibility in selecting core courses that meet the requirements of both their 
primary and secondary majors. These courses allow students to integrate and balance the demands of two distinct 
fields of study, providing a comprehensive educational experience across discipline.
•
Requirements for the award of Degree
To be eligible for the award of a B.Tech. degree, a student must successfully fulfill the following criteria:
Credit Requirements: Earn the minimum number of credits specified in the program structure.•
Focused Training: Successfully undertake specific training in focused areas that enable students to be successful 
in their chosen career tracks. The focused areas are: (a) Employment in MNCs, (b) Civil Services (c) Higher 
Studies (d) Research and (e) Entrepreneurship.
•
Certifications: Successfully complete at least three global certifications or value-added courses in the chosen 
discipline, along with one in yoga, sports & games, or fine arts.
•
Internships: Complete both a Social Internship and a Technical Internship.•

=== PAGE 11 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 10
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Audit Courses: Successfully complete all audit courses outlined in the program structure.•
Minimum CGPA:  Achieve a minimum Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 5.25 by the end of the 
program.
•
Extra Courses:  Students with extra courses having 'DT' or 'F' grades can still graduate if they meet all other 
requirements. However, these courses will be factored into the CGPA calculation.
•
Time Limit: Complete all requirements within:•
A minimum of 8 regular semesters (excluding summer terms)•
A maximum of 8 years •
Note: The student is awarded a B.Tech.  (Honors / Specialization / Minor / Double Major) degree based on the 
chosen academic flexibility, provided they fulfill all the credit and outcome requirements specified for each degree (refer 
to degree-wise requirements under  Design your own Degree) in addition to meeting the regular B.Tech. 
degree requirements mentioned above.
Multiple Entry and Exit System
Multiple Entry and Exit System (MEES) empowers students to make their own academic decisions, allowing them to 
rejoin their studies at a later point and achieve their career goals. As per NEP guidelines, undergraduate degrees can be 
three or four years long, with multiple entry and exit points. Students can earn certificates, diplomas, or degrees based on 
their progress.
Entry and Exit Options:
1st Year (Level 5 - Undergraduate Certificate):•
Entry: Secondary School Leaving Certificate (Grade 12/Intermediate)•
Exit: Certificate in Computational Thinking & Engineering Science (40 credits + 4 skill development 
credits)
•
2nd Year (Level 6 - Undergraduate Diploma):•
Entry: Completion of the first year with a certificate.•
Exit: Diploma in the respective discipline (80 credits + 4 skill development credits, with at least 40 credits 
at Level 6)
•
3rd Year (Level 7 - Bachelor's Degree):•
Entry: Completion of two years with a diploma•
Exit: Bachelor of Science in the respective discipline (120 credits + 4 skill development credits across 
Levels 5, 6, and 7)
•
4th Year (Level 8 - Bachelor's Engineering Degree):•
Entry: Completion of a three-year B.Sc. degree with a minimum CGPA of 7.5.•
Exit: B.Tech. degree (minimum 160 credits from Levels 5 to 8).•
Note: These degree levels align with the NHEQF. While the student is provided with MEES, the maximum time limit for 
completion of degree must still be adhered for the award of degree.
Branch Transfer
A student admitted to a particular Branch of the B.Tech. Program will normally continue studying in that branch until the 
completion of the program. However, in special cases the KLEF may permit a student to change from one branch to 
another after the second semester, provided s/he has fulfilled admission requirement for the branch into which the change 
is requested.
The rules governing change of branch are as listed below:

=== PAGE 12 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 11
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
(a) Top 1% (based on CGPA until 2ndsemester) students will be permitted to change to any branch of their choice 
within the program discipline.
(b) Apart from students mentioned in above clause, those who have successfully completed all the first and second 
semester courses and with CGPA greater than or equal to 8 are also eligible to apply, but the change of Branch in 
such case is purely at the discretion of the KLEF. 
(c) All changes of Branch will be effective from third semester. Change of branch shall not be permitted thereafter. 
(d) Change of branch once made will be final and binding on the student. No student will be permitted, under any 
circumstances, to refuse the change of branch offered. 
(e) Students in clause (a) and (b) may be permitted subject to the availability of seats in the desired branch. 
Academic Bank of Credits
ABC helps the students to digitally store their academic credits from any higher education institute registered under 
ABC in order to award Certificate/Diploma/Degree/Honors based on the credits earned by the student.
•
All the credits acquired by the students are stored digitally by registering into Academic Bank of Credits (ABC) 
portal. It also supports retaining the credits for a shelf period and continue their program study with multiple 
breakovers.
•
Students may exit from their current program of study due to any unforeseen reasons or to focus on their chosen 
career path. In such cases, the student may break for a period of time (preferably not in the middle of an academic 
year) and may continue with the program of study at a later stage.
•
Students must be able to complete their program by not exceeding the maximum duration of the program. If not, 
they may be issued with a Certificate, diploma, degree or honors based on the credits acquired over the period of 
time for all the programs approved by UGC.
•
Award of Class
A student having cleared all the courses and met all the requirements for the award of degree with:
Pass class: CGPA greater than or equal to 5.25 and lesser than 5.75.•
Second class: CGPA greater than or equal to 5.75 and lesser than 6.75.•
First class: CGPA greater than or equal to 6.75 and lesser than 7.75•
First class with Distinction:  CGPA greater than or equal to 7.75, provided the student has cleared all the courses 
in first attempt and must have fulfilled all the program requirements in program specified minimum years duration.
•
Award of Medals
KLEF awards Gold and Silver medals to the top two candidates in each program after successful completion of their study. 
The medals are awarded based on their CGPA during the Annual Convocation with the following constraints: 
The grade obtained through betterment/ supplementary will not be considered for this award.•
He/She must have obtained first class with distinction for the award of Gold or Silver-medal.•
Course Flexibilities
In line with the institution's commitment to personalized learning, courses are offered in multiple modes, allowing students 
to tailor their academic journey based on personal preferences, career goals, and learning styles. The available modes 
include:
Regular Mode:  It is the traditional method of learning, involving in-person classroom instruction, a structured 
curriculum, and traditional assessments. This mode provides students with a structured and predictable learning 
environment, facilitating direct interaction with professors and classmates. It is suitable for students who prefer a 
traditional learning approach and value face-to-face interaction.
•
Advanced Mode:  This mode is designed for students seeking a more rigorous academic experience, this mode 
offers additional credits, in-depth theoretical studies, research projects, and complex problem-solving evaluations. 
It is particularly suitable for students participating in honors programs.
•

=== PAGE 13 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 12
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Experiential Mode: This mode emphasizes practical learning through real-world projects, lab work, or industry 
interactions. It offers variable credits based on the extent of practical involvement and assessments centered around 
project outcomes and presentations. Honors students pursuing experiential learning often choose this option.
•
MOOCs Mode:  Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) are utilized to support independent learners, such as 
students engaged in internships or practice school. Students can earn credits by completing accredited online 
courses at their own pace. Assessments in this mode may include online quizzes, certifications, and institutional 
evaluations.
•
Work-in-lieu Mode:  It allows students to substitute certain coursework with relevant work experience, 
internships, or on-the-job training. Credits are awarded based on the work performed, and evaluations are typically 
centered around performance reports, supervisor evaluations, and reflective essays. This mode is ideal for students 
who want to gain practical experience while fulfilling academic requirements.
•
Attendance calculation in a course
Attendance calculation for LTPS: Attendance of a student on a course is calculated based on the credit-weighted 
average of the student's attendance in each of the LTPS components of the course.
•
Attendance start date:  Attendance is counted from the class commencement date. However, for transferred or 
newly admitted students, attendance in their admitted semester is counted from the date of admission.
•
Attendance requirements leading to promotion
Minimum Attendance: 85% attendance is required for course promotion and appearing for the semester-end exam.•
Condonation: Up to 10% condonation by Principal, College of Engineering, is possible for medical emergencies with 
proper documentation submitted within a week. Students will be levied a condonation fee to appear for the semester-
end exam.
•
Marginal Cases:  Attendance slightly below 75% due to severe medical or valid reasons may be considered for 
further relaxation by the condonation board appointed and headed by the Vice-Chancellor.
•
Attendance-based marks
Optional Marks: Course coordinators can allocate up to 5% of the total marks for attendance, clearly stated in the 
course handout and approved by the Dean of Academics through proper channel.
•
Mark Distribution: Marks are awarded based on attendance ranges: 85-88% = 1 mark, 89-91% = 2 marks, and so 
on. Below 85% results in zero marks, even with condonation.
•
Applicability: Attendance marks, if given, apply to all L-T-P-S components cumulatively, not just the theory part.•
Attendance waiver
Eligibility: Students with a CGPA and SGPA of 9.00 or higher in the previous semester can get an attendance 
waiver for up to three courses in the next semester, with prior approval from the Dean of Academics through 
proper channel.
•
Conditions: Students using the attendance waiver can participate in all assessments and evaluation components 
without being marked ineligible due to attendance-based regulations.
•
Compensatory (Extra) attendance policy
Eligibility: Students representing KLEF in events or participating in co-curricular / extracurricular activities can 
get compensatory attendance with prior written approval.
•
Limit: Compensation is limited to 10% of total classes per course per semester and doesn't apply to the summer 
term.
•

=== PAGE 14 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 13
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Course-based promotion and detention policy
Minimum Attendance: Students must meet the minimum attendance requirement to be promoted in a course. If a 
student fails to meet this requirement, their grade in the course will be marked as "DT", indicating that the student 
is detained in the course.
•
Next Steps after detention: Student must re-register in a detained course and study it completely by attending the 
classwork, submitting all assessments, taking all evaluation components
•
Eligibility for appearing Sem-End Examination
A Student registered for a course and got promoted is eligible to write the Semester End Examination for that course unless 
found ineligible due to one or more of the following reasons:
Shortfall of attendance.•
Acts of indiscipline.•
Withdrawal from a course.•
Non-payment of examination fees.•
Without a hall ticket.•
Assessment & Evaluation
The assessment in each theory subject consists of Sem In Exams, in class quizzes/tutorials/home-assignments/Active 
Learning Methods (continuous assessment) and the Semester End Exanimation (SEE). Students are advised to refer to the 
course handout to get more detailed information on assessment.
Sem In Examinations and the Semester End Examinations will be conducted as per the Academic Calendar.•
As per the necessity, the Supplementary examinations will be conducted at the discretion of Dean Academics with the 
approval of the Vice Chancellor.
•
Students may have to take more than one examination in a day during Sem In exams, Semester End Examinations 
/Supplementary examinations.
•
Minimum
requirement for pass 
percentCollege / School Name Semester-In Evaluation 
(Weightage in percent) (A)
Sem End Examination 
(Weightage in percent) (B)
(A+B) B
College of Engineering 60 40 40 40

=== PAGE 15 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 14
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Semester-In Evaluation
The following guidelines are followed for the Semester In evaluation. 
The process of evaluation is continuous throughout the semester•
The distribution of marks for Semester In evaluation is 60 percent of aggregate marks of the course.•
The distribution of weightage for various evaluation components are decided and notified by the course coordinator 
through the course handout after approval by the Dean Academics, prior to the beginning of the semester.
•
In order to maintain transparency in evaluation, answer scripts are shown to the students for verification, within 
one week of conduct of exam. If there is any discrepancy in evaluation, the student can request the course 
coordinator to re-evaluate.
•
The solution key and scheme of evaluation for all examinations are displayed by the Course Coordinator in the 
appropriate web portal of the course, on the day of the conduct of examination.
•
In case the student is unable to appear for any evaluation component owing to hospitalization, participation in 
extra/ co-curricular activities representing KLEF/ state/ country; the Dean Academics can permit to conduct of re-
examination for such students.
•
In case a student has missed any of the two in semester evaluations, S/he is eligible for and will be provided with 
an opportunity of appearing for re-examination.
•
The pattern and duration of such examination are decided and notified by the Course Coordinator through the 
Course handout, after approval from the Dean Academic.
•
To maintain transparency in evaluation, answer scripts are shown to the students for verification. If there is any 
discrepancy in evaluation, the student can request the Controller of Examinations to re-evaluate.
•
If a student earns F grade in any of the courses of a semester, an instant supplementary exam (for only Semester 
End Exam component) will be provided within a fortnight of the declaration of the results.
•
Semester-End Evaluation
The following guidelines are followed for the End Semester evaluation.
The end-semester evaluation typically includes a variety of components such as Sem End Exams, projects, 
presentations, or practical assessments, skill assessments as detailed in the course handout.
•
Each component is evaluated based on the criteria outlined in the course handout.•
The distribution of weightage for various evaluation components are decided and notified by the course coordinator 
through the course handout after approval by the Dean Academics, prior to the beginning of the semester.
•
To pass in a course, student must meet or exceed the minimum passing marks specified for each end semester 
summative assessment component mentioned in the course handout.
•
The key and scheme of evaluation for all examinations are displayed by the Course Coordinator in the appropriate 
web portal of the course, on the day of the conduct of examination.
•
In case the student is unable to appear for any Sem end summative evaluation component owing to hospitalization, 
participation in extra/ co-curricular activities representing KLEF/ state/ country; student can request for re-
examination by taking prior permission from Dean Academics. 
•
If a student earns F grade in any of the courses of a semester, an instant supplementary exam (for only Semester 
End Exam component) will be provided within a fortnight of the declaration of the results.
•

=== PAGE 16 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 15
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Absence in Assessment and Examination
If a student misses a formative assessment component (quizzes, assignments, etc.) due to illness or other valid reasons, no 
retakes will be permitted, and a score of zero will be recorded. However, in cases of an excused absence, the instructor may 
allow the student to retake the assessment, subject to written approval from both the Principal and the relevant Head of 
Department.
Make-up Exams:
A student's absence from Semester In or Semester End Exams will only be considered for a make-up exam under the 
following circumstances.
Pre-approved participation in university/state/national/international co-curricular or extracurricular activities. •
Illness or medical emergencies resulting in hospitalization, with a doctor's certification explicitly stating the student's 
inability to attend the exam within the designated period. 
•
Death of an immediate family member. •
Remedial Exams:
Remedial exams are conducted for students who score less than 60% on Semester In Exam I and have attended at 
least 85% of the remedial classes.
•
For courses without remedial classes, no remedial exam will be scheduled. •
If a student does not take or scores less than 60% on Semester In Exam I, they must attend remedial classes and 
maintain a minimum 85% attendance to be eligible for the remedial exam. The remedial exam score will then be 
considered.
•
The number of remedial classes will be 33% of the regular classes held prior to Semester In Exam I. However, 
there are no remedial exams for Semester In Exam II or laboratory exams. 
•
Remedial Classes Policy
The following categories of students are recommended to attend Remedial classes:
Students who did not attend or obtain a minimum of 60 percent marks in the Sem In exam1.•
Students for whom CO1/CO2 is (are) not attained in Sem In Exam 1•
Any other student may also be permitted to attend remedial classes as per the discretion of the principal.•
The following are the guidelines to conduct remedial classes:
Remedial classes which are scheduled to be conducted usually one or two weeks post conclusion of Sem In exam1.•
The number of remedial classes to be conducted shall be 33 percent of regular classes held till the Sem In exam I.•
Remedial classes MUST NOT be scheduled during regular class work hours. •
Assessment of Project/Research based Courses
All project or research-based subjects must have a defined time limit for completion. •
The specific time limits for completion and schedule for monitoring and evaluation of performance of students will 
be announced each term. 
•
The final project report, after getting the plagiarism certificate, only will be considered and evaluated by the panel 
of examiners. 
•
Student project reports must follow the guidelines prescribed by the office of Dean Academics.•

=== PAGE 17 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 16
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Grading Process
At the end of all evaluation components based on the performance of the student, each student is awarded based on 
absolute/relative grading system. Relative grading is only applicable to a section of a course in which the number of 
registered students is greater than or equal to 25. Choice of grading system is decided by the Course Coordinator with due 
approval of Dean Academics and is specified in the course handout.
(i) Absolute Grading: 
The list of absolute grades and its connotation are given below:
 
(ii) Relative Grading: 
The following table lists the grades and its connotation for relative grading:
 
is the mean mark of the class excluding the marks of those students who scored greater than or equal 90 percent and less 
than or equal 40 percent after rounding the percentages to the next highest integer. 
  is the standard deviation of the marks. 
 
 
 

=== PAGE 18 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 17
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Course handout
A course handout is a document that provides essential information about a specific course. It's like a roadmap that guides 
you through the course, helping you understand the expectations, assignments, and grading criteria.
Significance of Course Handout:
Clarity and Organization:  Course handouts help you stay organized and focused by outlining the course 
structure, topics, and deadlines.
•
Expectations: They communicate the instructor's expectations for your participation, assignments, and overall 
performance.
•
Grading: Course handouts outline the grading criteria, so you know exactly how your work will be evaluated.•
Resources: They often list valuable resources, such as textbooks, articles, or online tools, that can aid your 
learning.
•
Expectations from the course handout:
Course Description: A brief overview of the course, its goals, and its relevance to your studies.•
Learning Outcomes: Clear goals for what you should be able to do by the end of the course. These outcomes will 
help you understand the skills and knowledge that are expected to gain.
•
Instructor Information: Contact details, office hours, and specific communication preferences.•
Course Schedule: A tentative timeline of topics, assignments, and exams.•
Required Materials: A list of textbooks, articles, or other materials essential for the course.•
Assessment Methods:  A breakdown of how your final grade will be determined, including the weight of 
assignments, exams, and participation.
•
Assignment Guidelines: Detailed instructions for each assignment, including due dates, submission requirements, 
and expectations.
•
Effective use of the course handout:
Refer to it regularly: Check back to keep track of important dates and assignments.•
Highlight key points: Make notes or highlight sections that are particularly important to you.•
Ask questions: If something isn't clear, bring it up in class or during office hours.•
Betterment
A student may reappear for the semester-end examination for betterment, only in the theory part of a course to 
improve their grade, provided that the student has passed the course, his/her CGPA is less than or equal to 6.75 and 
the grade in the respective course is equal to or lower than a 'C'. In case of reappearing for a course, the best of the 
two grades will be considered.
•
A student may re-register for any course in any semester during the program to improve their grade if the current 
grade in the course is lower than 'B+', with the approval of the Dean Academics and in accordance with academic 
regulations.
•
A student cannot reappear for the semester-end examination in courses with an L-T-P-S structure such as 0-0-X-X, 
0-0-X-0, 0-0-0-X, Social Internship, Technical Internship, Seminar, Term Paper, Project, Capstone Project, 
Practice School, Industrial Internship.
•
A student is not eligible for the award of a Degree with Honors if they opt for the betterment option.•
Supplementary
A student is eligible for a supplementary exam if they don't meet the minimum passing marks for a course or if 
they fail any component of the end-of-semester assessments listed in the course handout.
•
If a student has failed courses from a previous odd semester that are not offered in the current semester, the 
supplementary exams for those courses will be scheduled for the summer supply.
•

=== PAGE 19 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 18
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
As per the end semester assessment components listed in the course handout (i.e. end semester summative) if 
student fail any component, they are eligible for a supplementary exam. Only the component(s) student failed will 
be considered for this supplementary attempt, though in some cases, you might be allowed to retake all components 
to improve your marks.
•
If a student fails any of the end-of-semester examinations in an odd semester, supplementary exams for the current 
semester's courses will be conducted within one month after the release of the results. These supplementary exams 
will only cover the courses offered in that specific odd semester.
•
In cases where there is a clash between odd semester supplementary exams and other scheduled exams, students 
may take the supplementary exams during the summer supply.
•
If a student fails any of the end-of-semester examinations in an even semester, supplementary exams will be 
scheduled either within one month after the release of the results (i.e. summer supply) or during the summer term.
•
Student must register for supplementary exams within a specified period after the results are declared.•
Student may be required to pay a supplementary exam fee. Details on the fee structure and payment process will be 
provided along with the supplementary exam notification.
•
A student is not eligible for the award of a degree with first class with Distinction, if they opt for the 
Supplementary option.
•
Revaluation
Students desirous of seeing their Semester End Examination answer scripts have to apply online to the COE for the same 
within the timeframe as declared by the COE by paying the prescribed fee through ERP. Student applications must be 
forwarded by the Head of the Department and the Principal of the School and then re evaluation fees are to be paid. The 
application along with the attached fee receipt must be submitted to the office of the COE.
There is no provision for re evaluation in case of Lab/Practical/skilling exams, project, viva voce exam or seminar / 
design / mini project courses.
•
The final grades awarded to each course shall be announced by the COE and the same will be made available to 
students through the website/notice boards.
•
Credit Transfer
Credit transfer between KLEF and other Institution:
Credit transfer from other institutions to KLEF or vice versa is permitted only for undergraduate program.
Credit transfer from KLEF to other institutions: Student studying in KLEF can take transfer to another institution under the 
following conditions:
KLEF has signed MOU with the institution•
However, a student, after seeking transfer from KLEF can return to KLEF after a semester or year. Based on 
courses done in the other institution, equivalent credits shall be awarded to such students.
•
Credit transfer from another institution to KLEF:  
A student studying in another institution can take transfer to KLEF under the following conditions:
When a student seeks transfer, equivalent credits will be assigned to the student based on the courses studied by the 
student.
•

=== PAGE 20 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 19
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
To determine the equivalent credits for a course from a previous institution on a 10-point scale at KLEF, the 
number of credits of the course is multiplied by the equivalent grade point of the previous institution and then 
divided by the number of credits of the corresponding course at KLEF. 
•
If a course from the previous institution has zero credits and no grade assigned, the student must sit for the final 
examination for the equivalent course at KLEF.
•
A transfer student seeking improvement in any course can take the final examination at KLEF, where the grade 
received at KLEF becomes the final grade recorded on their grade sheets.
•
The student, when transferred from other institutions, must stick to the rules and regulations of KLEF.•
To graduate from KLEF, a student must study at least half of the minimum duration prescribed for a program at 
KLEF.
•
Credit Transfer Through MOOCs:
Undergraduate students can get credits for MOOCs courses recommended by KLEF up to a maximum of 20% of 
their minimum credits required for graduation. The discretion of allocation of MOOCs courses equivalent to the 
courses in the curriculum lies with the office of the Dean Academics.
•
A student may also be permitted to obtain 20 credits through MOOCs in addition to the minimum credits required 
for graduation. These 20 credits can also be utilized to acquire a Minor degree or an Honors degree if the courses 
are pronounced equivalent to those specified for the respective degrees by the office of the Dean Academics. These 
additional credits through MOOCs if to be considered for CGPA/Minor/Honors degree must be approved by Dean 
Academics prior to enrollment in the respective MOOCs.
•
Students acquiring additional credits for Honors/Minor degree must adhere to the rules governing the award of the 
respective degree, otherwise, a student applying for registering into additional credits through MOOCs must 
possess a minimum CGPA of 7.5 till that semester.
•
Semester Promotion policy
Promotion is only course-based. Semester-based promotion is not applicable for B.Tech. students. 
Counselling procedure
KLEF is committed to fostering a supportive and nurturing environment for our students, addressing not only their 
academic needs but also their psychological well-being. To achieve this, KLEF is implementing a comprehensive Mentor-
Mentee Scheme aimed at providing holistic support through academic, career, and psychological counselling. To achieve 
this, KLEF implement a comprehensive Mentor-Mentee Scheme and establish the Central Academic Counselling Board 
(CACB) in addressing academic, career and student-psychological issues.
The Mentor-Mentee Scheme aims to provide personalized guidance and support to students throughout their academic 
journey. Each student shall be assigned a mentor from the faculty, who will act as a guide, counselor, and advocate for the 
student's academic and personal growth. The mentor-mentee relationship is intended to facilitate communication, goal-
setting, and problem-solving.
The primary objectives of the Mentor-Mentee Scheme are:
To facilitate a strong and positive mentor-mentee relationship that supports students' academic growth, personal 
development, and psychological well-being.
•
To offer career counselling, guiding mentees in exploring career options, developing professional skills, and 
making informed career-related decisions.
•

=== PAGE 21 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 20
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
To provide psychological counselling, offering a safe space for mentees to discuss psychological concerns and 
providing appropriate support or referrals when needed.
•
To provide tailored academic counselling, helping mentees set academic goals, plan their course of study, and 
navigate academic challenges effectively.
•
Academic Counselling:
The mentors oversee the following academic counselling activities which are not limited to:
 
Providing guidance during academic registration sessions•
Monitoring attendance and addressing attendance-related concerns•
Communicating attendance and marks information to parents/guardians•
Addressing concerns related to backlogs and providing advice•
Advising on domain specializations and academic flexibilities•
Assisting students in exploring study abroad opportunities•
Conducting student and parent meetings to address academic concerns•
Career Counselling: 
The mentors oversee the following career counselling activities which are not limited to:
 
Recommending technical skilling courses and certificate programs•
Facilitating internship opportunities and competitive exam preparations•
Guiding students through term papers, projects, hackathons, and coding challenges•
Providing information on higher education options and entrance exams•
Encouraging entrepreneurship awareness and guiding start-ups initiatives•
Assisting students in preparing for placements and future career goals•
Conducting student and parent meetings to discuss career aspirations•
Psychological Counselling:
The Mentors oversee the following psychological counselling activities which are not limited to: 
 
Providing guidance on time management and classroom activities•
Addressing anti-ragging issues and promoting a positive attitude•
Providing support for managing mental stress and promoting well-being•
Addressing hostel, room, home, and food-related concerns•
Conducting student and parent meetings to address personal well-being•

=== PAGE 22 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 21
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Mentor-Mentee allocation
The Department Academic Counselling Board (DACB) is responsible for assigning approximately 20 students to each 
faculty member, who will act as their mentor. The mentors will guide and support their assigned students throughout 
their academic journey.
•
For engineering students, the procedure includes a specific approach: during their first year, faculty members from the 
Fresh Engineering Department (FED) will be designated as counsellors/mentors. From the second year onwards, 
counsellors/mentors will be appointed from the students' respective parent departments, and these faculty members 
will continue as mentors until the students complete their course.
•
The counselling program aims to help students develop their character, academic abilities, professional skills, and 
social responsibilities. Mentors play a vital role in this process by:
•
Maintaining detailed records of mentor-mentee interactions in the ERP system. Mentors are required to update 
the ERP with counselling remarks for both students and their parents every fortnight.
•
Providing regular updates to parents about students' academic progress, career developments, and 
physiological status through various communication channels, including phone calls, SMS, WhatsApp, and 
Telegram.
•
Ensuring that counselling remarks are accurately recorded in the ERP system, and reflecting these updates in 
DACB monthly reports and CACB semester reports.
•
Academic Counselling Board
Academic Counselling Board is constituted by the Dean Academics. This board shall comprise of the Chairman, 
Convener, Principal/Director, HOD and Professor/Associate Professor. A student will be put under Academic 
Counselling Board in the following circumstances:
•
Has CGPA of less than 6.00.•
Has F grade or Detained in multiple courses.•
The first level of Counselling such students will be done by the Mentor of the student and the HoD followed by the 
ACB and the list of students who have to undergo the ACB counselling be forwarded by the HoD to the Office of 
Dean Academics.
•
The students undergoing the Academic Counselling Board process may be allowed to register only for a few courses 
based on the recommendation of Academic Counselling Board.
•
Rustication policy
A student may be rusticated from the KLEF on disciplinary grounds, based on the recommendations of any empowered 
committee, by the Vice Chancellor. 
Malpractice penalty policy
The following actions constitute malpractice during examinations and are subject to disciplinary actions as outlined below:
Clause 1: Possession of unauthorized material in the examination hall (e.g., paper, notebooks, programmable calculators, 
cell phones, or any material related to the exam subject). This includes any marks on the candidate's body that could be 
used as an aid.
Penalty: Immediate expulsion from the examination hall, without cancelling the paper.
Clause 2: a) Providing or receiving assistance, or communicating with others via oral means, body language, or electronic 
devices (such as cell phones), either inside or outside the examination hall. b) Smuggling in or out answer sheets, 
additional sheets, or arranging to send out the question paper or answer sheets during or after the exam. c) Using 
objectionable or offensive language in the answer paper or in communication with examiners, or attempting to influence 
examiners to award passing marks. d) Exchanging answer scripts or additional sheets in the examination hall
Penalty: Expulsion from the examination hall and cancellation of the comprehensive examination performance in that 
subject only of all the candidates involved.  In case of an outsider, he will be handed over to the police and a case is 
registered against him
Clause 3: Copying from any unauthorized material (e.g., paper, books, programmable calculators, palm computers) during 
the exam.

=== PAGE 23 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 22
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Penalty: Expulsion from the examination hall, cancellation of the exam performance in that subject, and a fine of Rs. 
1000.
Clause 4: a) Taking the answer script outside the exam hall, tearing the script or any part of it inside or outside the hall. b) 
Appearing for the exam in a drunken condition.
Penalty: Expulsion from the examination hall and cancellation of comprehensive examination performance in that subject 
and all the other subjects the candidate has already appeared including practical examinations and project work and shall 
not be permitted for the remaining comprehensive examinations of the subjects of that semester/year.
Clause 5: a) Disobeying examination authorities, creating disturbances, organizing or instigating a walk-out, threatening 
or assaulting officials, or damaging property inside or outside the exam hall. b)  Possession of any lethal weapon or 
firearm in the examination hall.
Penalty: Expulsion from the exam hall and cancellation of exam performance in all subjects. The student will be debarred 
from future exams and may forfeit their seat. Outsiders will be handed over to the police.
Clause 6: Impersonation during the examination.
Penalty: Both the impersonator and the original candidate will be expelled from the exam hall. The original candidate's 
performance will be cancelled in all subjects, including practical and project work, and they will be barred from exams for 
two consecutive semesters. Continuation in the course is subject to academic regulations. The impersonator (if an outsider) 
will be handed over to the police.
Clause 7: Repeated offenses. 
Penalty: For a second offense, the candidate will face expulsion from the exam hall and cancellation of all exam 
performances for that term, with a fine of Rs. 1000. Repeated academic dishonesty may result in the issuance of a transfer 
certificate (TC).
Clause 8: Any other form of malpractice not specified.
Penalty: Punishment will be determined by the Examination Malpractice Committee and approved by the Vice-
Chancellor.
 
Plagiarism Penalty Policy
Plagiarism is considered a serious breach of academic integrity, compromising both the ethical standards of the university 
and the intellectual development of students. The university enforces a strict zero-tolerance policy regarding plagiarism, 
and all students are expected to uphold the highest standards of academic honesty.
Penalties for plagiarism will be applied as follows:
First Offense: 
Minor Plagiarism (e.g., improper citation, small portions of copied work): The student will receive a warning and 
be required to resubmit the work with proper citations. Marks may be reduced up to 50%. 
•
Major Plagiarism (e.g., copying significant portions, submitting another person's work): The assignment will 
receive a grade of zero. The student may be required to attend a mandatory workshop on academic integrity. 
•
Second Offense: 
Any second offense, regardless of severity, will result in a zero for the assignment and an official letter of 
reprimand placed in the student's record. The student will be placed on academic probation. 
•
Third Offense: 
The student will face suspension from the university for one academic term. A record of academic misconduct will 
be permanently placed in the student's academic file. 
•

=== PAGE 24 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 23
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Repeated Violations: 
Further violations after the third offense may lead to expulsion from the university.  •
In cases of group work, if plagiarism is identified, all group members will be held equally accountable unless it can be 
demonstrated that the act of plagiarism was isolated to specific individuals.
Terminology
Absolute Grading: Absolute grading is a method of assigning grades based on predetermined criteria or standards rather than 
comparing student performance to other students in the class (See: Relative Grading where the performances are compared).  
Academic Bank of Credits (ABC):  Academic Bank of Credits, an initiative of Government of India, is a digital platform 
that stores the academic credits earned by a student throughout their educational journey. It's essentially a virtual repository of 
a student's academic achievements.  
Academic Council:  The Academic Council is the highest academic body of the University and is responsible for the 
maintenance of standards of instruction, education and examination within the University. The Academic Council is an 
authority as per UGC regulations and has the right to decide all academic matters including academic research.  
Academic Year:  It is the period necessary to complete an actual course of study within a year. It comprises of two 
consecutive regular semesters i.e., Odd and Even semesters. 
Acceleration: Acceleration of courses refers to a student's ability to progress through their academic program at a faster pace 
than traditional timelines. 
Attendance: Attendance refers to the record of a student's presence or absence in educational institutions. It is a critical factor 
influencing academic performance, overall development, and future success.  
Audited Course: It is a course of study which has zero credits and has a "Satisfactory" or an "Unsatisfactory" grade.  
Backlog Course: A course is considered to be a backlog if the student has obtained 'F' grade or detained in the course.  
Basic Sciences: The courses of foundational nature in the areas of Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Biology etc., are offered 
in this category.  
Betterment: Betterment is a way that contributes towards improving the students' grade in any course(s). It can be done by 
either (a) re-appearing or (b) re-registering for the course.  
Board of Studies: Board of Studies (BOS) is an authority as defined in UGC regulations, constituted by Vice Chancellor for 
each of the department separately. They are responsible for curriculum design and update in respect of all the programs 
offered by a department. 
Branch of Study:  It is a branch of knowledge, an area of study or a specific program (like Civil Engineering, Mechanical 
Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering etc.) 
Bridge Courses:  Courses which are required to bridge the continuity among the Basic sciences/Engineering 
Sciences/professional courses (both core and electives) and are identified through gap analysis carried out using feedback 
obtained from various academic stakeholders are termed as Bridge Courses. These courses also do not yield any credits but 
require a "Satisfactory" result to register into the attached professional courses.  
Capstone Project: A capstone project is the culminating academic experience for many students, typically undertaken in the 
final year of a degree program. It's designed to integrate and apply the knowledge and skills acquired throughout the course of 
study.  
Certificate course: It is a course that makes a student gain hands-on expertise and skills required for holistic development. It 
is a mandatory, non-credited course for the award of degree.
Change of Branch: Change of branch means transfer from one's branch of study to another. 
Compulsory course: Course required to be undertaken for the award of the degree as per the program.  
Course: A course is a subject offered by the University for learning in a particular semester.  

=== PAGE 25 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 24
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Course Handout: Course Handout is a document which gives a complete plan of the course. It contains the details of the 
course viz. Course title, Course code, Pre-requisite, Credit structure, team of instructors, Course objectives, Course rationale, 
Course Outcomes and the relevant syllabus, textbook(s) and reference books, Course delivery plan and session plan, 
evaluation method, chamber consultation hour, course notices and other course related aspects. In essence, course handout is 
an agreement between students (learners) and the instructor.  
Course Outcomes: The essential skills that need to be acquired by every student through a course.  
Course Withdrawal: Withdrawing from a Course means that a student can drop from a course within the first two weeks of 
the odd or even Semester (deadlines are different for summer sessions). However, s/he can choose a substitute course in place 
of it by exercising the option within 5 working days from the date of withdrawal.  
Credit: A credit is a unit that gives weight to the value, level or time requirements of an academic course. The number of 
'Contact Hours' in a week of a particular course determines its credit value. One credit is equivalent to one lecture hour per 
week or two hours per week of tutorials/ self-learning/ practical/ field work during a semester.  
Credit point: It is the product of grade point and number of credits for a course.  
Credit Transfer: The procedure of granting credit (s) to a student for course(s) undertaken at another institution.
Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA):  It is a measure of cumulative performance of a student over all the completed 
semesters. The CGPA is the ratio of total credit points secured by a student in various courses in all semesters and the sum of 
the total credits of all courses in all the semesters. It is expressed up to two decimal places. 
Curriculum: Curriculum is a standards-based sequence of planned experiences where students practice and achieve 
proficiency in content and applied learning skills. Curriculum is the central guide for all educators as to what is essential for 
teaching and learning, so that every student has access to rigorous academic experiences.  
Deceleration: Deceleration of courses typically refers to a student's decision to reduce their course load or extend the time 
taken to complete a degree program.  
Degree: A student who fulfils all the Program requirements is eligible to receive a degree.  
Degree Requirements:  Degree requirements are the specific courses, credits, and academic standards that a student must 
fulfill to earn a particular degree.
Degree with Specialization:  A student who fulfills all the Program requirements of her/his discipline and successfully 
completes a specified set of Professional elective courses in a specialized area is eligible to receive a degree with 
specialization. 
Department: An academic entity that conducts relevant curricular and co-curricular activities, involving both teaching and 
non-teaching staff and other resources.  
Designing Your Own Degree:  Designing your own degree is a revolutionary concept that empowers students to create a 
customized educational path aligned with their passions, career goals, and unique learning styles.   
Dissertation: Dissertation is a substantial piece of original research written and defended by a candidate for a degree.  
Detention in a course: Student who does not obtain minimum prescribed marks in continuous in-semester evaluation and /or 
minimum prescribed attendance in a course shall be detained in that course.  
Double Major Degree:  A double major degree allows students to specialize in two academic fields while earning a single 
bachelor's degree.  
Dropping from the Semester: A student who doesn't want to register for the semester should do so in writing in a prescribed 
format before commencement of the semester.  
End-semester Evaluation: End-semester evaluation is a summative assessment conducted at the conclusion of an academic 
term to measure students' overall performance.  
Elective Course: A course that can be chosen from a set of courses. An elective can be Professional Elective, Open Elective, 
Management Elective and Humanities Elective.

=== PAGE 26 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 25
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Engineering Sciences:  The courses belonging to basic evolutionary aspects of engineering from Mechanical Sciences, 
Electrical Sciences and Computing like Engineering Mechanics, Data structures, Network Theory, Signal Analysis. 
EPICS: EPICS stands for Engineering Projects in Community Service. It's a unique program that combines engineering 
education with community service.   
Evaluation: Evaluation is the process of judging the academic work done by the student in her/his courses. It is done through 
a combination of continuous in-semester assessment and semester end examinations.
Experiential Learning: Experiential learning is a process through which students develop knowledge, skills, and values from 
direct experiences outside a traditional academic setting. It involves learning by doing, where students engage in hands-on 
activities, real-world problem-solving, and reflective practices to gain deeper understanding and practical application of the 
concepts they are studying. 
Flexi-Core course: A Flexi-Core course typically refers to an elective or optional course within a degree program that offers 
students flexibility in choosing subjects based on their interests and career goals.  
Formative Assessment:  Formative assessment is ongoing evaluation of student understanding to inform instruction and 
facilitate learning.
Flipped Learning: Flipped learning is an instructional strategy that reverses the traditional teaching model.  In flipped 
learning, students are introduced to new content outside of class, usually through video lectures, readings, or other materials. 
The in-class time is then used for more interactive activities, such as discussions, problem-solving, group work, and applying 
the concepts learned at home.
Grade: It is an index of the performance of the students in a said course. Grades are denoted by alphabets.  
Grade Point: It is a numerical weight allotted to each letter grade on a 10 - point scale.  
Grade Point Average (GPA):  Grade Point Average is a numerical representation of a student's academic performance. It is 
calculated by averaging the numerical equivalents of letter grades earned in courses, considering the number of credit hours 
for each course.  
Honors Degree:  A student who fulfills all the Program requirements of her/his discipline and successfully completes a 
specified set of additional courses within the same program is eligible to receive an Honors degree.  
Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences (HAS): It is a broad term that groups together the academic disciplines of humanities, 
arts and social sciences.  
Industrial Training: Training program undergone by the student as per the academic requirement in any company/firm. 
Industrial Visit: Visit to a company/firm as per the academic requirement.  
Internship: Internship is a temporary work experience offered by an organization for a limited period. It provides students, 
graduates, or career changers with an opportunity to gain practical skills and experience in a specific field.  
In-Semester Evaluation: Summative assessments used to evaluate student learning, acquired skills, and academic attainment 
during a course.  
Induction Courses:  Student who gets admitted into B.Tech. program must complete a set of Induction courses for a 
minimum period of 3 weeks and obtain a "Satisfactory" result prior to registering into 1st Semester of the Program.  
Innovation Semester: An Innovation Semester is a dedicated academic term focused on cultivating a culture of creativity, 
problem-solving, and entrepreneurial thinking.
Lecture: A lecture is a formal instructional session where an instructor presents information to a large group of students. 
Make-up Test: An additional test scheduled on a date other than the originally scheduled date.   
Malpractice: Malpractice typically refers to academic dishonesty or misconduct during examinations or coursework. This 
can include a wide range of behaviors that compromise the integrity of the evaluation process.  

=== PAGE 27 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 26
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Management elective: A course that develops managerial skills and inculcates entrepreneurial skills.  
Minor Degree:  A student who fulfills all the Program requirements of her/his discipline and successfully completes a 
specified set of courses from another discipline is eligible to receive a minor degree in that discipline. 
Multiple Entry and Multiple Exit (MEME): It is an educational framework designed to provide flexibility in learning 
pathways, allowing students to enter and exit educational programs at various stages based on their individual needs, prior 
knowledge, and career goals. 
National Education Policy (NEP):  NEP 2020 is a comprehensive framework for transforming India's Education System. It 
aims to create an equitable and vibrant knowledge society by providing high-quality education to all.
NHEQF: NHEQF stands for National Higher Education Qualifications Framework. It's a comprehensive framework designed 
to standardize and classify higher education qualifications in India. The primary goal of NHEQF is to ensure that 
qualifications from different institutions are comparable and recognized nationally and internationally. 
Open Elective: This is a course of interdisciplinary nature. It is offered across the University for all Programs.  
Overloading: Registering for more number of credits than normally prescribed by the Program in a semester.  
Peer Learning: Peer learning is a collaborative learning process where students learn from each other. It involves sharing 
knowledge, skills, and experiences among peers.
Practical:  A practical is a hands-on session where students apply theoretical knowledge in a real-world or laboratory setting. 
Practical sessions are designed to develop students' technical skills, problem-solving abilities, and understanding of 
experimental procedures. 
Practice School: It is a part of the total program and takes one full semester in a professional location, where the students and 
the faculty get involved in finding solutions to real-world problems. A student can choose Project/Practice School during 
his/her final year to meet the final requirements for the award of degree.  
Pre-requisite: A course, the knowledge required for registration into higher level course.  
Product Development Semester: A Product Development Semester is an academic term dedicated to the process of creating 
new products or improving existing ones.  
Professional Core: The courses that are essential constituents of each engineering discipline are categorized as Professional 
Core courses for that discipline.  
Professional Elective: A course that is discipline centric. An appropriate choice of minimum number of such electives as 
specified in the program will lead to a degree with specialization.  
Program: A set of courses offered by the Department. A student can opt and complete the stipulated minimum credits to 
qualify for the award of a degree in that Program.  
Program Educational Objectives:  The broad career, professional, personal goals that every student will achieve through a 
strategic and sequential action plan.  
Program Outcome (PO):  Program outcomes are statements that describe what students are expected to know, understand, 
and be able to do upon completing a specific academic program.   
Project: Course that a student must undergo during his/her final year which involves the student to undertake a research or 
design, which is carefully planned to achieve a particular aim. It is a credit-based course.  
Project-Based Learning (PBL): Project-Based Learning is an instructional approach where students actively engage in real-
world and personally meaningful projects. 
Rapid Prototyping Semester:  A Rapid Prototyping Semester is an academic term dedicated to the practical application of 
rapid prototyping techniques to create physical models or prototypes of products or designs.  
Registration: Process of enrolling into a set of courses in a semester/ term of the Program.  

=== PAGE 28 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 27
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Re-Registration: Student who are detained in courses due to attendance or marks criteria as per their regulation are given a 
chance to re-register for the same and complete it during the summer term.  
Relative Grading: Relative grading is a method of assigning grades based on a student's performance compared to the rest of 
the class.  
Remedial Exam: A remedial Exam is an assessment designed to identify specific areas of weakness or gaps in a student's 
knowledge or skills. It is typically administered after a student has performed poorly on a regular assessment.  
Research Project:  A research project is a systematic investigation undertaken to answer a specific question or address a 
particular problem.  
Research Semester: A research semester is a dedicated period within an academic program focused on independent research 
or scholarly inquiry.  
Research Seminar: A research seminar is a formal academic gathering where researchers present their ongoing work to a 
group of peers, faculty, and other interested individuals.
Self-learning: Self-learning is the process of acquiring knowledge and skills independently without formal instruction. 
Semester: It is a period of study consisting of 15+1 weeks of academic work equivalent to normally 90 working days 
including examination and preparation holidays. The odd Semester starts normally in July and even semester in December.  
Semester End Examinations: It is an examination conducted at the end of a course of study.
Skilling: It is a process of developing and enhancing specific skills that are essential for performing particular tasks or 
activities effectively. It involves structured training and practice aimed at equipping individuals with the practical abilities, 
knowledge, and competencies required for professional success and personal development. 
Social Immersive Learning (SIL):  Social Immersive Learning is a pedagogical approach that combines the power of social 
interaction with immersive technologies to create engaging and impactful learning experiences.  
Social Service:  An activity designed to promote social awareness and generate well-being; to improve the life and living 
conditions of society.  
Student Outcomes: The essential skill sets that need to be acquired by every student during her/his program of study. These 
skill sets are in the areas of employability, entrepreneurial, social and behavioral.  
Substitution of Elective course: Replacing an elective course with another elective course as opted by the student.  
Summative Assessment: Summative Assessment is a type of evaluation that occurs at the end of a learning period.  
Summer term: The term during which courses are offered from May to July. Summer term is not a student's right and will be 
offered at the discretion of the University.  
Supplementary: A student can reappear only in the semester end examination for the Theory component of a course, subject 
to the regulations contained herein.
Term paper: A 'term paper' is a research report written by students that evolves their course-based knowledge, accounting 
for a grade. Term paper is a written original research work discussing a topic in detail. It is a credit-based course.
Tutorial: A tutorial is a small group session designed to provide personalized guidance and support to students. Tutorials 
often involve discussions, problem-solving activities, and hands-on practice to reinforce concepts learned in lectures.
Under-loading: Registering for lesser number of credits than normally prescribed for a semester in that Program.  
Value-Added Courses: Courses leading to global certification and those which are conducted exclusively for employability 
are referred to as value added courses.    

=== PAGE 29 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 28
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
FAQs
Q:What is the Choice-Based Credit System (CBCS) and how does it work?  
A: CBCS allows student to choose courses from various categories based on your interests and career goals. Each course 
has a credit value assigned to it, and you need to earn a minimum number of credits in each category and in total to 
complete your program.
Q: Can I choose electives based on my interests?  
A: Yes, student has the flexibility to choose electives that align with your personal interests and career objectives.
Q: Can I choose my preferred faculty members for certain courses?  
A: During registrations prior to commencement of each semester, if a course is offered for multiple sections and if 
multiple faculty are teaching the same course, you will then have a choice of selecting the section being taught by that 
faculty under whom you wish to study.
Q: When and how do I register for courses?  
A: Student must register for courses on the designated registration day. There is a one-week window for adding courses 
and a two-week window for dropping or changing them.
Q: Can I get an attendance waiver?  
A: Students with a CGPA and SGPA of 9.00 or higher in the previous semester can get an attendance waiver for up to 
three courses with prior approval.
Q: What is the minimum attendance requirement for promotion?  
A: 85% attendance is required for course promotion and appearing for the semester-end exam.
Q: Can I transfer to a different branch?  
A: Under special circumstances, you may be permitted to transfer branches after the second semester based on your CGPA 
and seat availability.
Q: Can I pursue a minor degree?  
A: Yes, any student can pursue a minor degree by completing a specified set of courses from another discipline.
Q: Can I study some semesters in abroad?  
A: KLEF University may have exchange programs or partnerships with foreign universities, allowing you to study abroad 
for a semester or year.
Q: Are there any extracurricular activities or clubs available?  
A: Yes, KLEF offers various extracurricular activities and clubs, such as sports, cultural events, and student organizations.
Q: What happens if I have less than 85% attendance?  
A: Upto 75% attendance, student may be eligible for condonation or marginal case consideration, but need to provide 
proper documentation and may be subject to fees. But falling below 75% will make you detain in the course.
Q: What happens if I detain a course?  
A: Student who detained in a course must re-register for the course and study it again in summer term. If the detained 
course is not offered by the department, then the student can study other equivalent course from the same category upon 
taking approval from office of Dean Academics. 
Q: What is ABC?  
A: ABC enables you to digitally store your earned credits and potentially use them towards future studies at other 
institutions.

=== PAGE 30 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 29
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Q: Can I accelerate or decelerate my studies?  
A: Students are generally recommended to register for 20 to 24 credits in each semester. Students who cannot cope up with 
such load, may consult their counsellor and Head of the Department to register in lower number of credits. This process is 
called "Deceleration". Students who do not register on time, may also be forced to decelerate to compensate the classwork 
that they missed due to late registration. In both the cases of deceleration, permission must be sought from Office of Dean 
Academics through proper channel. On the contrary, Students who wish to accelerate can register for upto 30 credits by 
selecting courses that are usually offered in later semesters and complete them in advance. Students may also use the 
optional Summer Term for accelerating courses upto 12 credits. In Similarly, a student may also register for credits lower 
than. However, you'll need approval from the Dean of Academics.
Q: Will I get my degree upon acquiring all the required credits? 
A: Apart from fulfilling the total credit requirement, it is required to fulfill category and sub-category wise credit 
requirements and outcome requirements (which are clearly mentioned in the degree-wise credit requirements section) to be 
eligible for award of specific degree.
Q: Can I register for a course without promoting in its pre-requisite course? 
A: No, student must promote in the pre-requisite course in order to register for a course having pre-requisite. 

=== PAGE 31 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 30
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Program - Degrees(Design your own Degree)
S# Major Flexibility Program Addon
1 Honors through Experiential Learning Minor
2 Honors through Experiential Learning Double Major
3 Honors through Experiential Learning Specialization
4 Honors through Experiential Learning No Add-on
5 Honors through Innovation Minor
6 Honors through Innovation Double Major
7 Honors through Innovation Specialization
8 Honors through Innovation No Add-on
9 Honors through Research Minor
10 Honors through Research Double Major
11 Honors through Research Specialization
12 Honors through Research No Add-on
13 Honors Minor
14 Honors Double Major
15 Honors Specialization
16 Honors No Add-on
17 No Flexibility Minor
18 No Flexibility Double Major
19 No Flexibility Specialization
20 No Flexibility No Add-on

=== PAGE 32 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 31
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Degree-wise Credit Requirements
1. Honors through Experiential Learning with Minor
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 206
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
21 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
22 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
23 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 33 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 32
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
32 MIN MIN-CORE 16 16 4 4 MINOR
33 MSDC MIN-SDP 4 4 1 1 MINOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Scopus Journal Publication•
Minimum One Design Patents•
Two Consultancy Projects•
All MIN & MSDC Credits (16 + 4) must be from selected MINOR Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 34 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 33
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
2. Honors through Experiential Learning with Double Major
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 211
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
21 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
22 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
23 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 35 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 34
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
32 SMFC SMFC-CORE 21 21 5 5 DOUBLE MAJOR
33 SMFC SMFC-SDP 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment •
Minimum One Scopus Journal Publication •
Minimum One Design Patents•
Two Consultancy Projects•
All 40 Credits (SMFC+OEC+FCC) must be from selected Second Major Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 36 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 35
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
3. Honors through Experiential Learning with Specialization
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 196
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-4 4 4 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
20 PEC PE-1 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
22 PEC PE-3 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
24 PEC PE-5 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
25 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
26 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
27 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
28 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1

=== PAGE 37 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 36
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
30 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4
31 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
32 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
33 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Scopus Journal Publication •
Minimum One Design Patents•
Two Consultancy Projects•
All PEC and SDP-4 Credits must be from selected specialization•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 38 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 37
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
4. Honors through Experiential Learning with No Add-on
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 186
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
21 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
22 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
23 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 39 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 38
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Scopus Journal Publication•
Minimum One Design Patents•
Two Consultancy Projects•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 40 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 39
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
5. Honors through Innovation with Minor
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 206
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HIC HIC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
22 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
24 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
25 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
27 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
28 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 41 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 40
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
30 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
31 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
32 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
33 MIN MIN-CORE 16 16 4 4 MINOR
34 MSDC MIN-SDP 4 4 1 1 MINOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses HFC, HIC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Web of Science Journal Publications •
Minimum Two Design Patents & One Utility Patent •
LLP Establishment •
All MIN & MSDC Credits (16 + 4) must be from selected MINOR Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 42 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 41
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
6. Honors through Innovation with Double Major
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 211
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HIC HIC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
22 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
24 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
25 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
26 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
27 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
28 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 43 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 42
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
30 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
31 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
32 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
33 SMFC SMFC-CORE 21 21 5 5 DOUBLE MAJOR
34 SMFC SMFC-SDP 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses HFC, HIC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Web of Science Journal Publications •
Minimum Two Design Patents & One Utility Patent •
LLP Establishment •
All 40 Credits (SMFC+OEC+FCC) must be from selected Second Major Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 44 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 43
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
7. Honors through Innovation with Specialization
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 196
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HIC HIC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 SDC SDP-4 4 4 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
21 PEC PE-1 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
22 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
23 PEC PE-3 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
24 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
25 PEC PE-5 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
26 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
27 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
28 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1

=== PAGE 45 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 44
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
30 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
31 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
32 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
33 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
34 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses HFC, HIC, HEC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Web of Science Journal Publications •
Minimum Two Design Patents & One Utility Patent•
LLP Establishment •
All PEC and SDP-4 Credits must be from selected specialization•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 46 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 45
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
8. Honors through Innovation with No Add-on
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 186
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HIC HIC-CORE 8 16 2 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
22 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
24 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
25 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
27 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
28 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 47 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 46
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
30 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
31 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
32 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses HFC, HIC, HEC, SDC, PRI •
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum One Web of Science Journal Publications •
Minimum Two Design Patents & One Utility Patent •
LLP Establishment•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 48 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 47
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
9. Honors through Research with Minor
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 206
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HRC HRC-CORE 9 12 3 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
22 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
24 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
25 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
27 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
28 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 49 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 48
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
30 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
31 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
32 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
33 MIN MIN-CORE 16 16 4 4 MINOR
34 MSDC MIN-SDP 4 4 1 1 MINOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HRC, SDC, PRI •
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum Three Web of Science Journal Publications •
Minimum One Design Patent •
All MIN & MSDC Credits (16 + 4) must be from selected MINOR Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 50 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 49
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
10. Honors through Research with Double Major
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 211
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HRC HRC-CORE 9 12 3 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
22 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
24 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
25 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
26 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
27 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
28 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 51 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 50
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
30 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
31 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
32 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
33 SMFC SMFC-CORE 21 21 5 5 DOUBLE MAJOR
34 SMFC SMFC-SDP 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HRC, SDC, PRI •
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum Three Web of Science Journal Publications•
Minimum One Design Patent•
All 40 Credits (SMFC+OEC+FCC) must be from selected Second Major Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 52 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 51
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
11. Honors through Research with Specialization
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 196
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HRC HRC-CORE 9 12 3 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 SDC SDP-4 4 4 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
21 PEC PE-1 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
22 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
23 PEC PE-3 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
24 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
25 PEC PE-5 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
26 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
27 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
28 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1

=== PAGE 53 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 52
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
30 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
31 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
32 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
33 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
34 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HRC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum Three Web of Science Journal Publications•
Minimum One Design Patent •
All PEC and SDP-4 Credits must be from selected specialization•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 54 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 53
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
12. Honors through Research with No Add-on
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 186
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 0 16 0 4
15 HRC HRC-CORE 9 12 3 4
16 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
17 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
20 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
22 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
24 PRI PRI-CORE 20 20 4 4 PROJECT
25 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
27 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
28 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 55 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 54
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
30 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
31 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
32 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HRC, SDC, PRI•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum Three Web of Science Journal Publications •
Minimum One Design Patent•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 56 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 55
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
13. Honors with Minor
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 206
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 8 16 2 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
21 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
22 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
23 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 57 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 56
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
32 MIN MIN-CORE 16 16 4 4 MINOR
33 MSDC MIN-SDP 4 4 1 1 MINOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00 •
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum one Scopus Journal Publication•
All MIN & MSDC Credits (16 + 4) must be from selected MINOR Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 58 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 57
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
14. Honors with Double Major
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 211
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
14 HFC HFC-CORE 8 16 2 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
21 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
22 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
23 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 59 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 58
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
32 SMFC SMFC-CORE 21 21 5 5 DOUBLE MAJOR
33 SMFC SMFC-SDP 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC •
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum one Scopus Journal Publication•
All 40 Credits (SMFC+OEC+FCC) must be from selected Second Major Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 60 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 59
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
15. Honors with Specialization
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 196
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 8 16 2 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 SDC SDP-4 4 4 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
20 PEC PE-1 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
21 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
22 PEC PE-3 7 7 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
23 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
24 PEC PE-5 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
25 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
26 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
27 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
28 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1

=== PAGE 61 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 60
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
30 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4
31 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
32 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
33 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum one Scopus Journal Publication •
All PEC and SDP-4 Credits must be from selected specialization•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 62 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 61
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
16. Honors with No Add-on
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 186
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 43 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 HFC HFC-CORE 8 16 2 4
15 HEC HEC-CORE 0 16 0 4
16 SDC SDP-1 2 4 1 1
17 SDC SDP-2 2 4 1 1
18 SDC SDP-3 2 4 1 1
19 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
21 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
22 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
23 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 63 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 62
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 8.00•
Additional credits must be acquired from specified category of courses PCC, HFC, HEC, SDC•
No History of Backlogs & No History of Betterment•
Minimum one Scopus Journal Publication•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 64 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 63
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
17. No Flexibility with Minor
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 186
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 31 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 SDC SDP-1 2 2 1 1
15 SDC SDP-2 2 2 1 1
16 SDC SDP-3 2 2 1 1
17 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
18 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
19 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
21 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
22 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
23 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
24 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
25 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
26 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
27 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
28 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 65 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 64
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
30 MIN MIN-CORE 16 16 4 4 MINOR
31 MSDC MIN-SDP 4 4 1 1 MINOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 6.75 •
All MIN & MSDC Credits (16 + 4) must be from selected MINOR Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 66 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 65
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
18. No Flexibility with Double Major
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 191
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 31 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
14 SDC SDP-1 2 2 1 1
15 SDC SDP-2 2 2 1 1
16 SDC SDP-3 2 2 1 1
17 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
18 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
19 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
21 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
22 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
23 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
24 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
25 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
26 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
27 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
28 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 67 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 66
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
30 SMFC SMFC-CORE 21 21 5 5 DOUBLE MAJOR
31 SMFC SMFC-SDP 4 4 1 1 DOUBLE MAJOR
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 7.75•
All 40 Credits (SMFC+OEC+FCC) must be from selected Second Major Degree•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 68 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 67
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
19. No Flexibility with Specialization
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 171
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 31 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 SDC SDP-1 2 2 1 1
15 SDC SDP-2 2 2 1 1
16 SDC SDP-3 2 2 1 1
17 SDC SDP-4 2 2 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
18 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
19 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
20 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
21 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
22 PEC PE-5 3 3 1 1 SPECIALIZATION
23 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
24 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
25 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
26 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
27 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
28 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 69 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 68
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
30 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1
31 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 6.75 •
All PEC and SDP-4 Credits must be from selected specialization•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 70 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 69
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
20. No Flexibility with No Add-on
a) Credit Requirement Total Credit Required: 166
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
1 HAS HAS-CORE 10 10 5 5
2 HAS HAS-FLE 3 3 1 1
3 HAS HAS-MGE 4 4 1 1
4 BSC BSC-CORE 8 8 2 2
5 BSC BSC-ME-1 4 4 1 1
6 BSC BSC-ME-2 4 4 1 1
7 BSC BSC-ME-3 4 4 1 1
8 BSC BSC-SE-1 4 4 1 1
9 BSC BSC-SE-2 4 4 1 1
10 BSC BSC-SE-3 4 4 1 1
11 ESC ESC-CORE 30 30 8 8
12 PCC PCC-CORE 31 31 8 8
13 FCC FC-1 3 3 1 1
14 SDC SDP-1 2 2 1 1
15 SDC SDP-2 2 2 1 1
16 SDC SDP-3 2 2 1 1
17 PEC PE-1 5 5 1 1
18 PEC PE-2 3 3 1 1
19 PEC PE-3 5 5 1 1
20 PEC PE-4 3 3 1 1
21 PRI PRI-CORE 16 16 4 4
22 OEC OE-1 4 4 1 1
23 OEC OE-2 4 4 1 1
24 OEC OE-3 4 4 1 1
25 VAC VAC-SPORTS 0 0 1 1
26 VAC VAC-CERT 0 0 3 3
27 AUC AUC-CORE 0 0 5 6
28 AUC AUC-CAREER 0 0 1 1

=== PAGE 71 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 70
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Sub-Category Min-Credit Max-Credit Min-Courses Max-Courses Grouping
29 SIL SIL-CORE 3 3 3 3
b) Outcome Requirement
Minimum CGPA 5.25•
Must have finished all the above-mentioned requirements in less than twice the period of the program, which 
includes deceleration period chosen by the student, deceleration imposed by KLEF or debarred from the KLEF.
•

=== PAGE 72 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 71
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Program Structure
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 HAS HAS-CORE 23UC0026
HUMAN VALUES, GENDER EQUALITY 
& PROFESSIONAL ETHICS R HGP 2 0 0 0 2 2
2 HAS HAS-CORE 23UC1203 DESIGN THINKING AND INNOVATION R DTI 0 0 4 0 2 4
3 HAS HAS-CORE 23UC1101
INTEGRATED PROFESSIONAL 
ENGLISH R IPE 0 0 4 0 2 4
4 HAS HAS-CORE 23UC1202 ENGLISH PROFICIENCY R EP 0 0 4 0 2 4
5 HAS HAS-CORE 23UC0027
LEADERSHIP AND MANAGEMENT 
SKILLS R LAMS 0 0 4 0 2 4
6 HAS HAS-FLE 23FL3054 FRENCH LANGUAGE R FLG 3 0 0 0 3 3
7 HAS HAS-FLE 23FL3055 GERMAN LANGUAGE R GLG 3 0 0 0 3 3
8 HAS HAS-FLE 23FL3058 JAPANESE LANGUAGE R JLG 3 0 0 0 3 3
9 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB0003
FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT FOR 
ENGINEERS R FMFE 4 0 0 0 4 4
10 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB0005 MANAGING PERSONAL FINANCE R MPF 4 0 0 0 4 4
11 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB0001
BASICS OF MARKETING FOR 
ENGINEERS R BME 4 0 0 0 4 4
12 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB0002
PARADIGMS IN MANAGEMENT 
THOUGHT R PIMT 4 0 0 0 4 4
13 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB0004 ORGANIZATION MANAGEMENT R OMG 4 0 0 0 4 4
14 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4067
INDUSTRIAL MANAGEMENT & 
PRODUCTION PLANNING R IMPP 4 0 0 0 4 4
15 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4064 SEO AND DIGITAL MARKETING R SDM 4 0 0 0 4 4
16 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4065
DIGITAL ECONOMICS AND 
TOKENOMICS R DET 4 0 0 0 4 4
17 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4066
DECENTRALISED FINANCE AND 
DIGITAL FINANCIAL SYSTEMS R DFDFS 4 0 0 0 4 4
18 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4062
CONSTRUCTION PROJECT 
MANAGEMENT R CPM 4 0 0 0 4 4
19 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4063
RESOURCES SAFETY AND QUALITY 
MANAGEMENT R RSQM 4 0 0 0 4 4
20 HAS HAS-MGE 23MB4068 INNOVATION MANAGEMENT R IMG 4 0 0 0 4 4
21 BSC BSC-CORE 23MT1001
LINEAR ALGEBRA AND CALCULUS 
FOR ENGINEERS R LACE 2 2 0 0 4 4
22 BSC BSC-CORE 23MT1002 DISCRETE STRUCTURES R DIS 2 2 0 0 4 4
23 BSC BSC-ME-1 23SC3201 DATA SCIENCE AND STATISTICS R DSS 2 2 0 0 4 4
24 BSC BSC-ME-2 23MT2013
RELATIONAL ALGEBRA AND 
INFORMATION THEORY R RAI 2 2 0 0 4 4
25 BSC BSC-ME-3 23MT2004 MATHEMATICAL PROGRAMMING R MPG 2 2 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 73 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 72
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
26 BSC BSC-SE-1 23CS3203 QUANTUM COMPUTING R QCP 2 2 0 0 4 4
27 BSC BSC-SE-1 22PH4101 QUANTUM PHYSICS FOR ENGINEERS R QPFE 3 0 2 0 4 5
28 BSC BSC-SE-1 23PH1011
COMPUTATIONAL MECHANICS FOR 
ROBOTICS R CMR 3 0 2 0 4 5
29 BSC BSC-SE-1 23CS3202
NATURE INSPIRED SOFT 
COMPUTING R NSC 2 2 0 0 4 4
30 BSC BSC-SE-1 22PH4102 APPLIED PHYSICS R APY 3 0 2 0 4 5
31 BSC BSC-SE-2 23PH1009 COMPUTATIONAL PHYSICS R CMP 3 0 2 0 4 5
32 BSC BSC-SE-2 23PH1010 ELECTROMAGNETISM R EMT 3 0 2 0 4 5
33 BSC BSC-SE-3 23CY1002
PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY AND 
THERMODYNAMICS R PCT 3 0 2 0 4 5
34 BSC BSC-SE-3 23CY1003 COMPUTATIONAL CHEMISTRY R CPC 3 0 2 0 4 5
35 BSC BSC-SE-3 23CY1001 ENGINEERING CHEMISTRY R ECY 3 0 2 0 4 5
36 BSC BSC-SE-3 23BT2103 BIOCHEMISTRY R BCM 3 0 2 0 4 5
37 ESC ESC-CORE 23SC1202 DATA STRUCTURES R DS 2 0 2 4 4 8
CTSD(1) 
Rule:1
38 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1202
DIGITAL DESIGN & COMPUTER 
ARCHITECTURE R DDCA 3 0 2 0 4 5
39 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1203
BASIC ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS R BEEC 2 0 0 0 2 2
40 ESC ESC-CORE 23CS1207 OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING O OOP 2 0 2 4 4 8 CTSD(1) 
41 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1101
FUNDAMENTALS OF IOT AND 
SENSORS R FITS 3 0 4 0 5 7
42 ESC ESC-CORE 23ME1103 DESIGN TOOL WORKSHOP R DTW 0 0 4 0 2 4
43 ESC ESC-CORE 23SC1101
COMPUTATIONAL THINKING FOR 
STRUCTURED DESIGN R CTSD 3 0 2 4 5 9
44 ESC ESC-CORE 23SC1203O
COMPUTATIONAL THINKING FOR 
OBJECT-ORIENTED DESIGN O CTOD 3 0 2 0 4 5
CTSD(1) 
Rule:1
45 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2204A
DATA MANAGEMENT AND 
WAREHOUSING A DMW 4 0 4 0 6 8
RAI(1) 
Rule:1
46 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2204E
DATA MANAGEMENT AND 
WAREHOUSING E DMW 4 0 4 0 6 8
RAI(1) 
Rule:1
47 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2204R
DATA MANAGEMENT AND 
WAREHOUSING R DMW 3 0 2 0 4 5
RAI(1) 
Rule:1
48 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD3106A BIG DATA ENGINEERING A BDE 4 0 4 0 6 8
DWHM(1) 
Rule:1
49 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD3106E BIG DATA ENGINEERING E BDE 4 0 4 0 6 8
DWHM(1) 
Rule:1
50 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD3106R BIG DATA ENGINEERING R BDE 3 0 2 0 4 5
DWHM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 74 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 73
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
51 PCC PCC-CORE 23CS2205O
DESIGN AND ANALYSIS OF 
ALGORITHMS O DAA 3 0 2 0 4 5
DS(1) 
Rule:1
52 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2103A
SYSTEM DESIGN & INTRODUCTION 
TO CLOUD A SDC 4 0 4 0 6 8
DDCA(1) 
Rule:1
53 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2103E
SYSTEM DESIGN & INTRODUCTION 
TO CLOUD E SDC 4 0 4 0 6 8
DDCA(1) 
Rule:1
54 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2103R
SYSTEM DESIGN & INTRODUCTION 
TO CLOUD R SDC 3 0 2 0 4 5
DDCA(1) 
Rule:1
55 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2001A
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & 
MACHINE LEARNING A AIML 4 0 4 4 7 12
CTSD(1) 
Rule:1
56 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2001E
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & 
MACHINE LEARNING E AIML 4 0 4 4 7 12
CTSD(1) 
Rule:1
57 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2001R
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE & 
MACHINE LEARNING R AIML 3 0 2 4 5 9
CTSD(1) 
Rule:1
58 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2205A DEEP LEARNING A DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
AIML(1) 
Rule:1
59 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2205E DEEP LEARNING E DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
AIML(1) 
Rule:1
60 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD2205R DEEP LEARNING R DL 3 0 2 4 5 9
AIML(1) 
Rule:1
61 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD3207A NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING A NLP 4 0 4 0 6 8
AIML(1) 
Rule:1
62 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD3207E NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING E NLP 4 0 4 0 6 8
AIML(1) 
Rule:1
63 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD3207R NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING R NLP 3 0 2 0 4 5
AIML(1) 
Rule:1
64 PCC PCC-CORE 23AD4108
ETHICS FOR ARTIFICIAL 
INTELLIGENCE R EAI 1 0 0 0 1 1
65 FCC FC-1 23AIP3202F SOFT COMPUTING F SC 2 0 2 0 3 4
66 FCC FC-1 23AD2229F AI FOR HEALTH CARE F RTOS 2 0 2 0 3 4
67 FCC FC-1 23BT2224F BIOREACTOR OPERATIONS F BO 2 0 2 0 3 4
68 FCC FC-1 23BT2228F CLINICAL DATA SCIENCE F CDS 2 0 2 0 3 4
69 FCC FC-1 23BT2239F COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY F CB 2 0 2 0 3 4
70 FCC FC-1 23ME1001F ENGINEERING MECHANICS F EM 2 1 0 0 3 3
71 FCC FC-1 23IN2222F CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT F CCIOT 2 0 2 0 3 4
72 FCC FC-1 23EC2224F DEEP NETWORK ARCHITECTURES F DNA 2 0 2 0 3 4
73 FCC FC-1 23EC2221F EMBEDDED SYSTEM DESIGN F ESD 2 0 2 0 3 4
74 FCC FC-1 23ME1005F MATERIAL SCIENCE & METALLURGY F MSM 2 0 2 0 3 4
75 FCC FC-1 23AD2203F MACHINE LEARNING F ML 2 0 2 0 3 4

=== PAGE 75 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 74
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
76 FCC FC-1 23EE2225F POWER QUALITY F PQ 3 0 0 0 3 3
77 FCC FC-1 23EE2227F ELECTRICAL POWER ENGINEERING F EPE 3 0 0 0 3 3
78 FCC FC-1 23EE2102F ELECTRICAL MACHINES F ELM 2 0 2 0 3 4
79 FCC FC-1 23EC2223F FUNDAMENTALS OF ROBOTICS F FOR 2 0 2 0 3 4
80 FCC FC-1 23EE2230F
ESSENTIALS OF AUTONOMOUS 
SYSTEMS F EAS 2 0 2 0 3 4
81 HFC HFC-CORE 23AD02HF
DATA ENGINEERING AND 
ARCHITECTURE R DEA 3 0 2 0 4 5
82 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106A PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS A PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
83 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106E PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS E PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
84 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
85 HFC HFC-CORE 23AD01HF
MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
HEALTHCARE R MLH 3 0 2 0 4 5
86 HFC HFC-CORE 23AD03HF REINFORCEMENT LEARNING R RIL 3 0 2 0 4 5
87 HFC HFC-CORE 23AD04HF EXPLAINABLE AI R EAI 3 0 2 0 4 5
88 HRC HRC-CORE 23AD04RF GRAPH NEURAL NETWORKS R GNN 2 0 2 0 3 4
89 HRC HRC-CORE 23AD03RF
MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
CYBERSECURITY R MLCS 2 0 2 0 3 4
90 HRC HRC-CORE 23AD01RF
RESEARCH METHODOLOGY FOR AI 
AND DATA SCIENCE R RMAIDS 2 0 2 0 3 4
91 HRC HRC-CORE 23AD02RF
STATISTICAL METHODS FOR DATA 
ANALYTICS R SMDA 2 0 2 0 3 4
92 HIC HIC-CORE 23DT01IF
ENTREPRENEURIAL TECHNOLOGY 
DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPING E ETDP 0 0 6 4 4 10
93 HIC HIC-CORE 23DT02IF
CUSTOMER DISCOVERY FOR 
STARTUPS E CDFS 0 0 6 4 4 10
94 HIC HIC-CORE 23DT03IF
CUSTOMER VALIDATION FOR 
STARTUPS E CVFS 0 0 6 4 4 10
95 HIC HIC-CORE 23DT04IF
CUSTOMER CREATION AND 
MARKETING FOR ENTREPRENEURS E CCME 0 0 6 4 4 10
96 HEC HEC-CORE 23AD02EF AI FOR BUSINESS SOLUTIONS E AIBS 0 0 6 4 4 10
97 HEC HEC-CORE 23AD03EF EXPERIENTIAL DATA ANALYTICS E EDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
98 HEC HEC-CORE 23AD01EF DATA SCIENCE PRACTICUM E DSP 0 0 6 4 4 10
99 HEC HEC-CORE 23CS03EF OPEN SOURCE ENGINEERING E OSE 0 0 6 4 4 10
100 SDC SDP-1 23SDME01A
VISUALIZATION AND MODELLING 
FOR ENGINEERING DESIGN A VMED 0 0 6 4 4 10
101 SDC SDP-1 23SDME01E
VISUALIZATION AND MODELLING 
FOR ENGINEERING DESIGN E VMED 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 76 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 75
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
102 SDC SDP-1 23SDME01R
VISUALIZATION AND MODELLING 
FOR ENGINEERING DESIGN R VMED 0 0 2 4 2 6
103 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT01A MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGY A MLT 0 0 6 4 4 10
104 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT01E MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGY E MLT 0 0 6 4 4 10
105 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT01R MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGY R MLT 0 0 2 4 2 6
106 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT02A
ANALYTICAL AND OPTICAL 
INSTRUMENTATION A AOI 0 0 6 4 4 10
107 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT02E
ANALYTICAL AND OPTICAL 
INSTRUMENTATION E AOI 0 0 6 4 4 10
108 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT02R
ANALYTICAL AND OPTICAL 
INSTRUMENTATION R AOI 0 0 2 4 2 6
109 SDC SDP-1 23SDEE01A
VISUALIZATION AND MODELING OF 
CIRCUITS A VAMC 0 0 6 4 4 10
110 SDC SDP-1 23SDEE01E
VISUALIZATION AND MODELING OF 
CIRCUITS E VAMC 0 0 6 4 4 10
111 SDC SDP-1 23SDEE01R
VISUALIZATION AND MODELING OF 
CIRCUITS R VAMC 0 0 2 4 2 6
112 SDC SDP-1 23SDCE01A
VISUALIZATION AND MODELLING 
FOR STRUCTURAL DESIGN A VMSD 0 0 6 4 4 10
113 SDC SDP-1 23SDCE01E
VISUALIZATION AND MODELLING 
FOR STRUCTURAL DESIGN E VMSD 0 0 6 4 4 10
114 SDC SDP-1 23SDCE01R
VISUALIZATION AND MODELLING 
FOR STRUCTURAL DESIGN R VMSD 0 0 2 4 2 6
115 SDC SDP-1 23SDIN01A IOT HARDWARE PROGRAMMING A IOTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
116 SDC SDP-1 23SDIN01E IOT HARDWARE PROGRAMMING E IOTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
117 SDC SDP-1 23SDIN01R IOT HARDWARE PROGRAMMING R IOTHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
118 SDC SDP-1 23SDEC01A ELECTRONIC SYSTEM DESIGN A ESD 0 0 6 4 4 10
119 SDC SDP-1 23SDEC01E ELECTRONIC SYSTEM DESIGN E ESD 0 0 6 4 4 10
120 SDC SDP-1 23SDEC01R ELECTRONIC SYSTEM DESIGN R ESD 0 0 2 4 2 6
121 SDC SDP-1 23SDAD01A
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION A DAV 0 0 6 4 4 10
122 SDC SDP-1 23SDAD01E
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION E DAV 0 0 6 4 4 10
123 SDC SDP-1 23SDAD01R
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION R DAV 0 0 2 4 2 6
124 SDC SDP-1 23SDCS11A
LINUX ADMINISTRATION AND 
AUTOMATION A LAA 0 0 6 4 4 10
125 SDC SDP-1 23SDCS11E
LINUX ADMINISTRATION AND 
AUTOMATION E LAA 0 0 6 4 4 10
126 SDC SDP-1 23SDCS11R
LINUX ADMINISTRATION AND 
AUTOMATION R LAA 0 0 2 4 2 6

=== PAGE 77 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 76
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
127 SDC SDP-2 23SDBT03A BIO-INSTRUMENTATION A BI 0 0 6 4 4 10
128 SDC SDP-2 23SDBT03E BIO-INSTRUMENTATION E BI 0 0 6 4 4 10
129 SDC SDP-2 23SDBT03R BIO-INSTRUMENTATION R BI 0 0 2 4 2 6
130 SDC SDP-2 23SDBT04A PROCESS ENGINEERING TOOLS A PET 0 0 6 4 4 10
131 SDC SDP-2 23SDBT04E PROCESS ENGINEERING TOOLS E PET 0 0 6 4 4 10
132 SDC SDP-2 23SDBT04R PROCESS ENGINEERING TOOLS R PET 0 0 2 4 2 6
133 SDC SDP-2 23SDCE02A
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING A BIM 0 0 6 4 4 10
134 SDC SDP-2 23SDCE02E
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING E BIM 0 0 6 4 4 10
135 SDC SDP-2 23SDCE02R
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING R BIM 0 0 2 4 2 6
136 SDC SDP-2 23SDEC02A EMBEDDED SYSTEM AUTOMATION A ESDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
137 SDC SDP-2 23SDEC02E EMBEDDED SYSTEM AUTOMATION E ESDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
138 SDC SDP-2 23SDEC02R EMBEDDED SYSTEM AUTOMATION R ESDA 0 0 2 4 2 6
139 SDC SDP-2 23SDEE02A
EMBEDDED SYSTEM DESIGN WITH 
ARM A ESDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
140 SDC SDP-2 23SDEE02E
EMBEDDED SYSTEM DESIGN WITH 
ARM E ESDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
141 SDC SDP-2 23SDEE02R
EMBEDDED SYSTEM DESIGN WITH 
ARM R ESDA 0 0 2 4 2 6
142 SDC SDP-2 23SDIN03A IOT FULL STACK DEVELOPMENT A IOTSDF 0 0 6 4 4 10
143 SDC SDP-2 23SDIN03E IOT FULL STACK DEVELOPMENT E IOTSDF 0 0 6 4 4 10
144 SDC SDP-2 23SDIN03R IOT FULL STACK DEVELOPMENT R IOTSDF 0 0 2 4 2 6
145 SDC SDP-2 23SDME02A
COMPUTER INTEGRATED 
MANUFACTURING A CIDM 0 0 6 4 4 10
146 SDC SDP-2 23SDME02E
COMPUTER INTEGRATED 
MANUFACTURING E CIDM 0 0 6 4 4 10
147 SDC SDP-2 23SDME02R
COMPUTER INTEGRATED 
MANUFACTURING R CIDM 0 0 2 4 2 6
148 SDC SDP-2 23SDCS12A
FULL STACK APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A FSD 0 0 6 4 4 10
149 SDC SDP-2 23SDCS12E
FULL STACK APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E FSD 0 0 6 4 4 10
150 SDC SDP-2 23SDCS12R
FULL STACK APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R FSD 0 0 2 4 2 6
151 SDC SDP-3 23SDME03A FINITE ELEMENT ANALYSIS A FEA 0 0 6 4 4 10
152 SDC SDP-3 23SDME03E FINITE ELEMENT ANALYSIS E FEA 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 78 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 77
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
153 SDC SDP-3 23SDME03R FINITE ELEMENT ANALYSIS R FEA 0 0 2 4 2 6
154 SDC SDP-3 23SDCS10A IT VENTURE MANAGEMENT A ITVM 0 0 6 4 4 10
155 SDC SDP-3 23SDCS10E IT VENTURE MANAGEMENT E ITVM 0 0 6 4 4 10
156 SDC SDP-3 23SDCS10R IT VENTURE MANAGEMENT R ITVM 0 0 2 4 2 6
157 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC08A PLANAR ANTENNA DESIGN A PAD 0 0 6 4 4 10
158 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC08E PLANAR ANTENNA DESIGN E PAD 0 0 6 4 4 10
159 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC08R PLANAR ANTENNA DESIGN R PAD 0 0 2 4 2 6
160 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC09A
ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION WITH 
WEBOTS A RAW 0 0 6 4 4 10
161 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC09E
ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION WITH 
WEBOTS E RAW 0 0 6 4 4 10
162 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC09R
ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION WITH 
WEBOTS R RAW 0 0 2 4 2 6
163 SDC SDP-3 23SDCE03A
ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF MULTI-
STORIED STRUCTURES USING ETABS A ADMSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
164 SDC SDP-3 23SDCE03E
ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF MULTI-
STORIED STRUCTURES USING ETABS E ADMSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
165 SDC SDP-3 23SDCE03R
ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF MULTI-
STORIED STRUCTURES USING ETABS R ADMSS 0 0 2 4 2 6
166 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC10A
INTEGRATED SYSTEM DESIGN 
AUTOMATION A ISDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
167 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC10E
INTEGRATED SYSTEM DESIGN 
AUTOMATION E ISDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
168 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC10R
INTEGRATED SYSTEM DESIGN 
AUTOMATION R ISDA 0 0 2 4 2 6
169 SDC SDP-3 23SDIN04A CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT A IOTPD 0 0 6 4 4 10
170 SDC SDP-3 23SDIN04E CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT E IOTPD 0 0 6 4 4 10
171 SDC SDP-3 23SDIN04R CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT R IOTPD 0 0 2 4 2 6
172 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC06A EMBEDDED DESIGN A EBD 0 0 6 4 4 10
173 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC06E EMBEDDED DESIGN E EBD 0 0 6 4 4 10
174 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC06R EMBEDDED DESIGN R EBD 0 0 2 4 2 6
175 SDC SDP-3 23SDAD10A COMPUTER VISION USING OPENCV A CVOCV 0 0 6 4 4 10
176 SDC SDP-3 23SDAD10E COMPUTER VISION USING OPENCV E CVOCV 0 0 6 4 4 10
177 SDC SDP-3 23SDAD10R COMPUTER VISION USING OPENCV R CVOCV 0 0 2 4 2 6
178 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC07A
DEEP LEARNING WITH 
TENSORFLOW FRAMEWORK A DLTF 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 79 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 78
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
179 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC07E
DEEP LEARNING WITH 
TENSORFLOW FRAMEWORK E DLTF 0 0 6 4 4 10
180 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC07R
DEEP LEARNING WITH 
TENSORFLOW FRAMEWORK R DLTF 0 0 2 4 2 6
181 SDC SDP-3 23SDAD03A TENSOR FLOW DEVELOPER A TFD 0 0 6 4 4 10
182 SDC SDP-3 23SDAD03E TENSOR FLOW DEVELOPER E TFD 0 0 6 4 4 10
183 SDC SDP-3 23SDAD03R TENSOR FLOW DEVELOPER R TFD 0 0 2 4 2 6
184 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC05A 4G - LTE COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS A LCS 0 0 6 4 4 10
185 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC05E 4G - LTE COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS E LCS 0 0 6 4 4 10
186 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC05R 4G - LTE COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS R LCS 0 0 2 4 2 6
187 SDC SDP-3 23SDCS13A CI/CD & CLOUD DEVOPS A CICD 0 0 6 4 4 10
188 SDC SDP-3 23SDCS13E CI/CD & CLOUD DEVOPS E CICD 0 0 6 4 4 10
189 SDC SDP-3 23SDCS13R CI/CD & CLOUD DEVOPS R CICD 0 0 2 4 2 6
190 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC04A DESIGN OF NETWORKS USING NS-3 A DNN 0 0 6 4 4 10
191 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC04E DESIGN OF NETWORKS USING NS-3 E DNN 0 0 6 4 4 10
192 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC04R DESIGN OF NETWORKS USING NS-3 R DNN 0 0 2 4 2 6
193 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC03A BIOSENSOR SYSTEM DESIGN A BSD 0 0 6 4 4 10
194 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC03E BIOSENSOR SYSTEM DESIGN E BSD 0 0 6 4 4 10
195 SDC SDP-3 23SDEC03R BIOSENSOR SYSTEM DESIGN R BSD 0 0 2 4 2 6
196 SDC SDP-3 23SDBT05A COMPUTER AIDED DRUG DESIGN A CADD 0 0 6 4 4 10
197 SDC SDP-3 23SDBT05E COMPUTER AIDED DRUG DESIGN E CADD 0 0 6 4 4 10
198 SDC SDP-3 23SDBT05R COMPUTER AIDED DRUG DESIGN R CADD 0 0 2 4 2 6
199 SDC SDP-3 23SDBT06A
GENOMICS DATA SCIENCE & 
CLUSTERING A CADD 0 0 6 4 4 10
200 SDC SDP-3 23SDBT06E
GENOMICS DATA SCIENCE & 
CLUSTERING E CADD 0 0 6 4 4 10
201 SDC SDP-3 23SDBT06R
GENOMICS DATA SCIENCE & 
CLUSTERING R CADD 0 0 2 4 2 6
202 SDC SDP-3 23SDEE03A
AI TECHNIQUES FOR ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEERING A AITFEE 0 0 6 4 4 10
203 SDC SDP-3 23SDEE03E
AI TECHNIQUES FOR ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEERING E AITFEE 0 0 6 4 4 10
204 SDC SDP-3 23SDEE03R
AI TECHNIQUES FOR ELECTRICAL 
ENGINEERING R AITFEE 0 0 2 4 2 6
205 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS07A CLOUD BASED AI/ML SPECIALITY A CBAIMLS 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 80 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 79
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
206 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS07E CLOUD BASED AI/ML SPECIALITY E CBAIMLS 0 0 6 4 4 10
207 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS07R CLOUD BASED AI/ML SPECIALITY R CBAIMLS 0 0 2 4 2 6
208 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08A
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING A DDPE 0 0 6 4 4 10
209 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08E
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING E DDPE 0 0 6 4 4 10
210 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08R
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING R DDPE 0 0 2 4 2 6
211 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC11A
BIOMEDICAL SYSTEM INTERFACING 
AND SIGNAL ANALYSIS A BSIS 0 0 6 4 4 10
212 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC11E
BIOMEDICAL SYSTEM INTERFACING 
AND SIGNAL ANALYSIS E BSIS 0 0 6 4 4 10
213 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC11R
BIOMEDICAL SYSTEM INTERFACING 
AND SIGNAL ANALYSIS R BSIS 0 0 2 4 2 6
214 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC12A
NETWORK PROGRAMMABILITY AND 
AUTOMATION A NPA 0 0 6 4 4 10
215 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC12E
NETWORK PROGRAMMABILITY AND 
AUTOMATION E NPA 0 0 6 4 4 10
216 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC12R
NETWORK PROGRAMMABILITY AND 
AUTOMATION R NPA 0 0 2 4 2 6
217 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS04A
CLOUD BASED SOLUTIONS 
ARCHITECT A CBSA 0 0 6 4 4 10
218 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS04E
CLOUD BASED SOLUTIONS 
ARCHITECT E CBSA 0 0 6 4 4 10
219 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS04R
CLOUD BASED SOLUTIONS 
ARCHITECT R CBSA 0 0 2 4 2 6
220 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT07A
ASPECTS OF BIOCHEMICAL 
ENGINEERING A ABCE 0 0 6 4 4 10
221 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT07E
ASPECTS OF BIOCHEMICAL 
ENGINEERING E ABCE 0 0 6 4 4 10
222 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT07R
ASPECTS OF BIOCHEMICAL 
ENGINEERING R ABCE 0 0 2 4 2 6
223 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC13A
5G PRIVATE AND INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION NETWORKS A 5PIA 0 0 6 4 4 10
224 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC13E
5G PRIVATE AND INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION NETWORKS E 5PIA 0 0 6 4 4 10
225 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC13R
5G PRIVATE AND INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION NETWORKS R 5PIA 0 0 2 4 2 6
226 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05A
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY A CBSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
227 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05E
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY E CBSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
228 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05R
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY R CBSS 0 0 2 4 2 6

=== PAGE 81 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 80
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
229 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD06A ANALYSIS OF DIGITAL MARKETING A ADM 0 0 6 4 4 10
230 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD06E ANALYSIS OF DIGITAL MARKETING E ADM 0 0 6 4 4 10
231 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD06R ANALYSIS OF DIGITAL MARKETING R ADM 0 0 2 4 2 6
232 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS08A
CLOUD BASED DATA ANALYTICS 
SPECIALITY A CBDAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
233 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS08E
CLOUD BASED DATA ANALYTICS 
SPECIALITY E CBDAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
234 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS08R
CLOUD BASED DATA ANALYTICS 
SPECIALITY R CBDAS 0 0 2 4 2 6
235 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE04A
PLANNING AND SCHEDULING OF 
RESIDENTIAL BUILDING USING 
PRIMAVERA SOFTWARE
A PSRBPS 0 0 6 4 4 10
236 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE04E
PLANNING AND SCHEDULING OF 
RESIDENTIAL BUILDING USING 
PRIMAVERA SOFTWARE
E PSRBPS 0 0 6 4 4 10
237 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE04R
PLANNING AND SCHEDULING OF 
RESIDENTIAL BUILDING USING 
PRIMAVERA SOFTWARE
R PSRBPS 0 0 2 4 2 6
238 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC15A
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
USING TENSOR FLOW A NLPTF 0 0 6 4 4 10
239 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC15E
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
USING TENSOR FLOW E NLPTF 0 0 6 4 4 10
240 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC15R
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
USING TENSOR FLOW R NLPTF 0 0 2 4 2 6
241 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC14A EMBEDDED PROTOTYPE A EPT 0 0 6 4 4 10
242 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC14E EMBEDDED PROTOTYPE E EPT 0 0 6 4 4 10
243 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC14R EMBEDDED PROTOTYPE R EPT 0 0 2 4 2 6
244 SDC SDP-4 23SDME04A ANALYSIS OF ENERGY SYSTEMS A AES 0 0 6 4 4 10
245 SDC SDP-4 23SDME04E ANALYSIS OF ENERGY SYSTEMS E AES 0 0 6 4 4 10
246 SDC SDP-4 23SDME04R ANALYSIS OF ENERGY SYSTEMS R AES 0 0 2 4 2 6
247 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN05A IOT ANALYTICS FOR THE CLOUD A IOTAC 0 0 6 4 4 10
248 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN05E IOT ANALYTICS FOR THE CLOUD E IOTAC 0 0 6 4 4 10
249 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN05R IOT ANALYTICS FOR THE CLOUD R IOTAC 0 0 2 4 2 6
250 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN06A EMBEDDED AND IOT ROGRAMMING A IOTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
251 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN06E EMBEDDED AND IOT ROGRAMMING E IOTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
252 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN06R EMBEDDED AND IOT ROGRAMMING R IOTHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
253 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC18A
VLSI SUBMICRON DESIGN AND 
VERIFICATION A VSDV 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 82 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 81
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
254 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC18E
VLSI SUBMICRON DESIGN AND 
VERIFICATION E VSDV 0 0 6 4 4 10
255 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC18R
VLSI SUBMICRON DESIGN AND 
VERIFICATION R VSDV 0 0 2 4 2 6
256 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE07A ARC-GIS (PRO) A ARC 0 0 6 4 4 10
257 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE07E ARC-GIS (PRO) E ARC 0 0 6 4 4 10
258 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE07R ARC-GIS (PRO) R ARC 0 0 2 4 2 6
259 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08A
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES A EBCMDC 0 0 6 4 4 10
260 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08E
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES E EBCMDC 0 0 6 4 4 10
261 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08R
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES R EBCMDC 0 0 2 4 2 6
262 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD09A AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE SYSTEMS A AVS 0 0 6 4 4 10
263 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD09E AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE SYSTEMS E AVS 0 0 6 4 4 10
264 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD09R AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE SYSTEMS R AVS 0 0 2 4 2 6
265 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS14A
CLOUD ARCHITECTURES FOR 
SCIENTIFIC WORKLOADS A CASW 0 0 6 4 4 10
266 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS14E
CLOUD ARCHITECTURES FOR 
SCIENTIFIC WORKLOADS E CASW 0 0 6 4 4 10
267 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS14R
CLOUD ARCHITECTURES FOR 
SCIENTIFIC WORKLOADS R CASW 0 0 2 4 2 6
268 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS15A
SOFTWARE DESIGN WITH CLOUD 
NATIVE COMPUTING A SDCNC 0 0 6 4 4 10
269 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS15E
SOFTWARE DESIGN WITH CLOUD 
NATIVE COMPUTING E SDCNC 0 0 6 4 4 10
270 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS15R
SOFTWARE DESIGN WITH CLOUD 
NATIVE COMPUTING R SDCNC 0 0 2 4 2 6
271 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS16A CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN A CISD 0 0 6 4 4 10
272 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS16E CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN E CISD 0 0 6 4 4 10
273 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS16R CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN R CISD 0 0 2 4 2 6
274 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS17A
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS FOR IMAGES A GANI 0 0 6 4 4 10
275 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS17E
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS FOR IMAGES E GANI 0 0 6 4 4 10
276 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS17R
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS FOR IMAGES R GANI 0 0 2 4 2 6
277 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS18A TEXT ANALYTICS A TAT 0 0 6 4 4 10
278 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS18E TEXT ANALYTICS E TAT 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 83 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 82
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
279 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS18R TEXT ANALYTICS R TAT 0 0 2 4 2 6
280 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS19A
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING A VRSU 0 0 6 4 4 10
281 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS19E
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING E VRSU 0 0 6 4 4 10
282 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS19R
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING R VRSU 0 0 2 4 2 6
283 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS20A SMART IOT AND SENSOR NETWORKS A SISN 0 0 6 4 4 10
284 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS20E SMART IOT AND SENSOR NETWORKS E SISN 0 0 6 4 4 10
285 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS20R SMART IOT AND SENSOR NETWORKS R SISN 0 0 2 4 2 6
286 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE06A
DESIGN & ANALYSIS OF DIFFERENT 
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS USING 
SAFE 
A SAFE 0 0 6 4 4 10
287 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE06E
DESIGN & ANALYSIS OF DIFFERENT 
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS USING 
SAFE 
E SAFE 0 0 6 4 4 10
288 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE06R
DESIGN & ANALYSIS OF DIFFERENT 
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS USING 
SAFE 
R SAFE 0 0 2 4 2 6
289 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE06A EVT HARDWARE PROTOTYPING A EVTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
290 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE06E EVT HARDWARE PROTOTYPING E EVTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
291 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE06R EVT HARDWARE PROTOTYPING R EVTHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
292 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI05A CLOUD DEVOPS A CDP 0 0 6 4 4 10
293 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI05E CLOUD DEVOPS E CDP 0 0 6 4 4 10
294 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI05R CLOUD DEVOPS R CDP 0 0 2 4 2 6
295 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD11A AI-DRIVEN DATA ENGINEERING A ADDE 0 0 6 4 4 10
296 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD11E AI-DRIVEN DATA ENGINEERING E ADDE 0 0 6 4 4 10
297 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD11R AI-DRIVEN DATA ENGINEERING R ADDE 0 0 2 4 2 6
298 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC17A ROBOT DESIGN AND ANALYSIS A RDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
299 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC17E ROBOT DESIGN AND ANALYSIS E RDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
300 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC17R ROBOT DESIGN AND ANALYSIS R RDA 0 0 2 4 2 6
301 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE07A IA HARDWARE PROTOTYPING A IAHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
302 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE07E IA HARDWARE PROTOTYPING E IAHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
303 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE07R IA HARDWARE PROTOTYPING R IAHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
304 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC16A
ADVANCED RADIATING SYSTEM 
MODELING A ARSM 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 84 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 83
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
305 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC16E
ADVANCED RADIATING SYSTEM 
MODELING E ARSM 0 0 6 4 4 10
306 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC16R
ADVANCED RADIATING SYSTEM 
MODELING R ARSM 0 0 2 4 2 6
307 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT09A CELL CULTURE TECHNOLOGIES A CCT 0 0 6 4 4 10
308 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT09E CELL CULTURE TECHNOLOGIES E CCT 0 0 6 4 4 10
309 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT09R CELL CULTURE TECHNOLOGIES R CCT 0 0 2 4 2 6
310 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT10A
MASS SPECTROMETRY BASED 
PROTEOMICS A MSBP 0 0 6 4 4 10
311 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT10E
MASS SPECTROMETRY BASED 
PROTEOMICS E MSBP 0 0 6 4 4 10
312 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT10R
MASS SPECTROMETRY BASED 
PROTEOMICS R MSBP 0 0 2 4 2 6
313 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT11A ANIMAL PHYSIOLOGY A AP 0 0 6 4 4 10
314 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT11E ANIMAL PHYSIOLOGY E AP 0 0 6 4 4 10
315 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT11R ANIMAL PHYSIOLOGY R AP 0 0 2 4 2 6
316 SDC SDP-4 23SDME06A
GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING AND 
TOLERANCING A GDAT 0 0 6 4 4 10
317 SDC SDP-4 23SDME06E
GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING AND 
TOLERANCING E GDAT 0 0 6 4 4 10
318 SDC SDP-4 23SDME06R
GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING AND 
TOLERANCING R GDAT 0 0 2 4 2 6
319 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE04A AI & ML FOR SMART GRIDS A AIMLSG 0 0 6 4 4 10
320 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE04E AI & ML FOR SMART GRIDS E AIMLSG 0 0 6 4 4 10
321 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE04R AI & ML FOR SMART GRIDS R AIMLSG 0 0 2 4 2 6
322 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE05A
DESIGN OF THE PAVEMENT BY 
USING MX ROADS A DPMX 0 0 6 4 4 10
323 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE05E
DESIGN OF THE PAVEMENT BY 
USING MX ROADS E DPMX 0 0 6 4 4 10
324 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE05R
DESIGN OF THE PAVEMENT BY 
USING MX ROADS R DPMX 0 0 2 4 2 6
325 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06A CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER A CGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
326 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06E CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER E CGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
327 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06R CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER R CGD 0 0 2 4 2 6
328 SDC SDP-4 23SDME05A
3D MODELLING AND DIGITAL 
PROTOTYPING A 3DMDP 0 0 6 4 4 10
329 SDC SDP-4 23SDME05E
3D MODELLING AND DIGITAL 
PROTOTYPING E 3DMDP 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 85 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 84
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
330 SDC SDP-4 23SDME05R
3D MODELLING AND DIGITAL 
PROTOTYPING R 3DMDP 0 0 2 4 2 6
331 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI04A
ADVANCED ANDROID MOBILE 
APPLICATION WITH CLOUD-BASED 
WEB SERVICES
A AAMA 0 0 6 4 4 10
332 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI04E
ADVANCED ANDROID MOBILE 
APPLICATION WITH CLOUD-BASED 
WEB SERVICES
E AAMA 0 0 6 4 4 10
333 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI04R
ADVANCED ANDROID MOBILE 
APPLICATION WITH CLOUD-BASED 
WEB SERVICES
R AAMA 0 0 2 4 2 6
334 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE05A
MODELING AND SIMULATION OF 
GREEN ENERGY SYSTEMS A GML 0 0 6 4 4 10
335 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE05E
MODELING AND SIMULATION OF 
GREEN ENERGY SYSTEMS E GML 0 0 6 4 4 10
336 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE05R
MODELING AND SIMULATION OF 
GREEN ENERGY SYSTEMS R GML 0 0 2 4 2 6
337 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS21A
HARDWARE SOFTWARE CODESIGN 
IMPLEMENTATION FOR SECURITY 
SPECILAITY
A HSCISS 0 0 6 4 4 10
338 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS21E
HARDWARE SOFTWARE CODESIGN 
IMPLEMENTATION FOR SECURITY 
SPECILAITY
E HSCISS 0 0 6 4 4 10
339 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS21R
HARDWARE SOFTWARE CODESIGN 
IMPLEMENTATION FOR SECURITY 
SPECILAITY
R HSCISS 0 0 2 4 2 6
340 PEC PE-1 23ASS3102A
AI AND CONTROLS FOR 
AUTONOMUS FUTURE VEHICLE A AICAFT 4 0 4 4 7 12
341 PEC PE-1 23ASS3102E
AI AND CONTROLS FOR 
AUTONOMUS FUTURE VEHICLE E AICAFT 4 0 4 4 7 12
342 PEC PE-1 23ASS3102R
AI AND CONTROLS FOR 
AUTONOMUS FUTURE VEHICLE R AICAFT 3 0 2 4 5 9
343 PEC PE-1 23GET3101A
SOLAR PV AND MICRO ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGIES A SPMET 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
344 PEC PE-1 23GET3101E
SOLAR PV AND MICRO ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGIES E SPMET 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
345 PEC PE-1 23GET3101R
SOLAR PV AND MICRO ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGIES R SPMET 3 0 2 4 5 9
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
346 PEC PE-1 23GEG3101A MOLECULAR GENETICS A MG 4 0 4 4 7 12
347 PEC PE-1 23GEG3101E MOLECULAR GENETICS E MG 4 0 4 4 7 12
348 PEC PE-1 23GEG3101R MOLECULAR GENETICS R MG 3 0 2 4 5 9
349 PEC PE-1 23MBT3101A STEM CELL TECHNOLOGY A SCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
350 PEC PE-1 23MBT3101E STEM CELL TECHNOLOGY E SCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 86 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 85
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
351 PEC PE-1 23MBT3101R STEM CELL TECHNOLOGY R SCT 3 0 2 4 5 9
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
352 PEC PE-1 23GDU3101A
PROGRAMMING FOR GAME 
DEVELOPMENT A PGD 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
353 PEC PE-1 23GDU3101E
PROGRAMMING FOR GAME 
DEVELOPMENT E PGD 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
354 PEC PE-1 23GDU3101R
PROGRAMMING FOR GAME 
DEVELOPMENT R PGD 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
355 PEC PE-1 23CPD3101A
FUNDAMENTALS OF MOBILE 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT A FMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
356 PEC PE-1 23CPD3101E
FUNDAMENTALS OF MOBILE 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT E FMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
357 PEC PE-1 23CPD3101R
FUNDAMENTALS OF MOBILE 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT R FMAD 3 0 2 4 5 9
358 PEC PE-1 23SCI3101A SPATIAL DATA VISUALIZATION A SDV 4 0 4 4 7 12
359 PEC PE-1 23SCI3101E SPATIAL DATA VISUALIZATION E SDV 4 0 4 4 7 12
360 PEC PE-1 23SCI3101R SPATIAL DATA VISUALIZATION R SDV 3 0 2 4 5 9
361 PEC PE-1 23GTE3101A
ADVANCED FOUNDATION 
ENGINEERING A AFE 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
362 PEC PE-1 23GTE3101E
ADVANCED FOUNDATION 
ENGINEERING E AFE 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
363 PEC PE-1 23GTE3101R
ADVANCED FOUNDATION 
ENGINEERING R AFE 3 0 2 4 5 9
SM(1) 
Rule:1
364 PEC PE-1 23SGT3101A
DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCES 
AND SMART GRIDS A DERSG 4 0 4 4 7 12
365 PEC PE-1 23SGT3101E
DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCES 
AND SMART GRIDS E DERSG 4 0 4 4 7 12
366 PEC PE-1 23SGT3101R
DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCES 
AND SMART GRIDS R DERSG 3 0 2 4 5 9
367 PEC PE-1 23SMF3101A
REVERSE ENGINEERING & RAPID 
PROTOTYPING A MMC 4 0 4 4 7 12
368 PEC PE-1 23SMF3101E
REVERSE ENGINEERING & RAPID 
PROTOTYPING E MMC 4 0 4 4 7 12
369 PEC PE-1 23SMF3101R
REVERSE ENGINEERING & RAPID 
PROTOTYPING R MMC 3 0 2 4 5 9
370 PEC PE-1 23AEA3101A
AUTOMOTIVE SENSOR AND 
APPLICATIONS A ASA 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
371 PEC PE-1 23AEA3101E
AUTOMOTIVE SENSOR AND 
APPLICATIONS E ASA 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
372 PEC PE-1 23AEA3101R
AUTOMOTIVE SENSOR AND 
APPLICATIONS R ASA 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
373 PEC PE-1 23ASS3101A
AUTONOMOUS DRIVER ASSISTIVE 
SYSTEMS A ADAS 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 87 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 86
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
374 PEC PE-1 23ASS3101E
AUTONOMOUS DRIVER ASSISTIVE 
SYSTEMS E ADAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
375 PEC PE-1 23ASS3101R
AUTONOMOUS DRIVER ASSISTIVE 
SYSTEMS R ADAS 3 0 2 4 5 9
376 PEC PE-1 23RFM3101A MICROWAVE ENGINEERING A ME 4 0 4 4 7 12
377 PEC PE-1 23RFM3101E MICROWAVE ENGINEERING E ME 4 0 4 4 7 12
378 PEC PE-1 23RFM3101R MICROWAVE ENGINEERING R ME 3 0 2 4 5 9
379 PEC PE-1 23RAN3101A
ROBOT MOTION PLANNING, 
DYNAMICS AND CONTROL A RMPDC 4 0 4 4 7 12
380 PEC PE-1 23RAN3101E
ROBOT MOTION PLANNING, 
DYNAMICS AND CONTROL E RMPDC 4 0 4 4 7 12
381 PEC PE-1 23RAN3101R
ROBOT MOTION PLANNING, 
DYNAMICS AND CONTROL R RMPDC 3 0 2 4 5 9
382 PEC PE-1 23RAN3102A
AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOT 
SYSTEMS A AMRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
383 PEC PE-1 23RAN3102E
AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOT 
SYSTEMS E AMRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
384 PEC PE-1 23RAN3102R
AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOT 
SYSTEMS R AMRS 3 0 2 4 5 9
385 PEC PE-1 23DEA3101A
FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA 
ENGINEERING A FDE 4 0 4 4 7 12
386 PEC PE-1 23DEA3101E
FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA 
ENGINEERING E FDE 4 0 4 4 7 12
387 PEC PE-1 23DEA3101R
FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA 
ENGINEERING R FDE 3 0 2 4 5 9
388 PEC PE-1 23AIP3101A DEEP LEARNING A DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
389 PEC PE-1 23AIP3101E DEEP LEARNING E DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
390 PEC PE-1 23AIP3101R DEEP LEARNING R DL 3 0 2 4 5 9
391 PEC PE-1 23SMD3101A
SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & 
VALIDATION A SVV 4 0 4 4 7 12
392 PEC PE-1 23SMD3101E
SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & 
VALIDATION E SVV 4 0 4 4 7 12
393 PEC PE-1 23SMD3101R
SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & 
VALIDATION R SVV 3 0 2 4 5 9
394 PEC PE-1 23EME3101A
POWER TRAIN DESIGN FOR 
ELECTRIC VEHICLE A PTDEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
395 PEC PE-1 23EME3101E
POWER TRAIN DESIGN FOR 
ELECTRIC VEHICLE E PTDEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
396 PEC PE-1 23EME3101R
POWER TRAIN DESIGN FOR 
ELECTRIC VEHICLE R PTDEV 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
397 PEC PE-1 23STE3101A
ADVANCED CONCRETE 
TECHNOLOGY A ACT 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 88 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 87
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
398 PEC PE-1 23STE3101E
ADVANCED CONCRETE 
TECHNOLOGY E ACT 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
399 PEC PE-1 23STE3101R
ADVANCED CONCRETE 
TECHNOLOGY R ACT 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
400 PEC PE-1 23WRE3101A RIVER ENGINEERING A RE 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
401 PEC PE-1 23WRE3101E RIVER ENGINEERING E RE 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
402 PEC PE-1 23WRE3101R RIVER ENGINEERING R RE 3 0 2 4 5 9
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
403 PEC PE-1 23VLS3101A ANALOG VLSI DESIGN A AVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
404 PEC PE-1 23VLS3101E ANALOG VLSI DESIGN E AVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
405 PEC PE-1 23VLS3101R ANALOG VLSI DESIGN R AVD 3 0 2 4 5 9
406 PEC PE-1 23IOT3101A INDUSTRIAL INTERNET OF THINGS A IIOT 4 0 4 4 7 12
407 PEC PE-1 23IOT3101E INDUSTRIAL INTERNET OF THINGS E IIOT 4 0 4 4 7 12
408 PEC PE-1 23IOT3101R INDUSTRIAL INTERNET OF THINGS R IIOT 3 0 2 4 5 9
409 PEC PE-1 23CPS3101A
IOT SENSING AND ACTUATING 
DEVICES A ISAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
410 PEC PE-1 23CPS3101E
IOT SENSING AND ACTUATING 
DEVICES E ISAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
411 PEC PE-1 23CPS3101R
IOT SENSING AND ACTUATING 
DEVICES R ISAD 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
412 PEC PE-1 23EDS3101A ADVANCED EMBEDDED SYSTEMS A AES 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
413 PEC PE-1 23EDS3101E ADVANCED EMBEDDED SYSTEMS E AES 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
414 PEC PE-1 23EDS3101R ADVANCED EMBEDDED SYSTEMS R AES 3 0 2 4 5 9
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
415 PEC PE-1 23ILA3101A
INTRODUCTION TO INDUSTRIAL 
INTERNET OF THINGS A IIIoT 4 0 4 4 7 12
416 PEC PE-1 23ILA3101E
INTRODUCTION TO INDUSTRIAL 
INTERNET OF THINGS E IIIoT 4 0 4 4 7 12
417 PEC PE-1 23ILA3101R
INTRODUCTION TO INDUSTRIAL 
INTERNET OF THINGS R IIIoT 3 0 2 4 5 9
418 PEC PE-1 23EGD3101A
MODELING ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF 
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS A MADRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
419 PEC PE-1 23EGD3101E
MODELING ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF 
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS E MADRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
420 PEC PE-1 23EGD3101R
MODELING ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF 
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS R MADRS 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
421 PEC PE-1 23IMP3101A
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
& APPLICATIONS A NLPA 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 89 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 88
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
422 PEC PE-1 23IMP3101E
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
& APPLICATIONS E NLPA 4 0 4 4 7 12
423 PEC PE-1 23IMP3101R
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
& APPLICATIONS R NLPA 3 0 2 4 5 9
424 PEC PE-1 23ECF3101A AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING A AE 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
425 PEC PE-1 23ECF3101E AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING E AE 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
426 PEC PE-1 23ECF3101R AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING R AE 3 0 2 4 5 9
TD(1) 
Rule:1
427 PEC PE-1 23BEW3101A
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY, CRYPTOCURRENCIES 
AND TOKENS
A ITBTCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
428 PEC PE-1 23BEW3101E
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY, CRYPTOCURRENCIES 
AND TOKENS
E ITBTCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
429 PEC PE-1 23BEW3101R
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY, CRYPTOCURRENCIES 
AND TOKENS
R ITBTCT 3 0 2 4 5 9
430 PEC PE-1 23CNS3101A
INTRODUCTION TO CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING A ITCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
431 PEC PE-1 23CNS3101E
INTRODUCTION TO CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING E ITCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
432 PEC PE-1 23CNS3101R
INTRODUCTION TO CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING R ITCNC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
433 PEC PE-1 23CSB3101A CRYPT ANALYSIS & CYBER DEFENSE A CACD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
434 PEC PE-1 23CSB3101E CRYPT ANALYSIS & CYBER DEFENSE E CACD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
435 PEC PE-1 23CSB3101R CRYPT ANALYSIS & CYBER DEFENSE R CACD 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
436 PEC PE-1 23DLA3101A
SYSTEM & NETWORK TRAFFIC 
SECURITY ANALYTICS A SNTSA 4 0 4 4 7 12
437 PEC PE-1 23DLA3101E
SYSTEM & NETWORK TRAFFIC 
SECURITY ANALYTICS E SNTSA 4 0 4 4 7 12
438 PEC PE-1 23DLA3101R
SYSTEM & NETWORK TRAFFIC 
SECURITY ANALYTICS R SNTSA 3 0 2 4 5 9
439 PEC PE-1 23SDM3101A SENTIMENT ANALYSIS A SA 4 0 4 4 7 12
440 PEC PE-1 23SDM3101E SENTIMENT ANALYSIS E SA 4 0 4 4 7 12
441 PEC PE-1 23SDM3101R SENTIMENT ANALYSIS R SA 3 0 2 4 5 9
442 PEC PE-1 23DSB3101A
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION A DAV 4 0 4 4 7 12
443 PEC PE-1 23DSB3101E
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION E DAV 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 90 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 89
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
444 PEC PE-1 23DSB3101R
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION R DAV 3 0 2 4 5 9
445 PEC PE-1 23DCS3101A
4G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES AND 
CELLULAR COMMUNICATION A 4GW 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
446 PEC PE-1 23DCS3101E
4G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES AND 
CELLULAR COMMUNICATION E 4GW 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
447 PEC PE-1 23DCS3101R
4G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES AND 
CELLULAR COMMUNICATION R 4GW 3 0 2 4 5 9
WC(1) 
Rule:1
448 PEC PE-1 23CCF3101A TCP/IP & OTHER PROTOCOL SUITE A TCP 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
449 PEC PE-1 23CCF3101E TCP/IP & OTHER PROTOCOL SUITE E TCP 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
450 PEC PE-1 23CCF3101R TCP/IP & OTHER PROTOCOL SUITE R TCP 3 0 2 4 5 9
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
451 PEC PE-1 23ACI3101A
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS A GANS 4 0 4 4 7 12
452 PEC PE-1 23ACI3101E
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS E GANS 4 0 4 4 7 12
453 PEC PE-1 23ACI3101R
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS R GANS 3 0 2 4 5 9
454 PEC PE-1 23ABT3101A BIOSENSORS AND BIOELECTRONICS A BSBE 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
455 PEC PE-1 23ABT3101E BIOSENSORS AND BIOELECTRONICS E BSBE 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
456 PEC PE-1 23ABT3101R BIOSENSORS AND BIOELECTRONICS R BSBE 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
457 PEC PE-1 23IBT3101A
PHARMACEUTICAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY A PBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
458 PEC PE-1 23IBT3101E
PHARMACEUTICAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY E PBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
459 PEC PE-1 23IBT3101R
PHARMACEUTICAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY R PBT 3 0 2 4 5 9
BO(1) 
Rule:1
460 PEC PE-1 23ADE3101A EDGE COMPUTING FUNDAMENTALS A ECF 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
461 PEC PE-1 23ADE3101E EDGE COMPUTING FUNDAMENTALS E ECF 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
462 PEC PE-1 23ADE3101R EDGE COMPUTING FUNDAMENTALS R ECF 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
463 PEC PE-1 23ALT3101A
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
TEXT ANALYSIS A AMLFTA 4 0 4 4 7 12
464 PEC PE-1 23ALT3101E
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
TEXT ANALYSIS E AMLFTA 4 0 4 4 7 12
465 PEC PE-1 23ALT3101R
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
TEXT ANALYSIS R AMLFTA 3 0 2 4 5 9
466 PEC PE-1 23AVI3101A DEEP LEARNING A DL 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 91 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 90
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
467 PEC PE-1 23AVI3101E DEEP LEARNING E DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
468 PEC PE-1 23AVI3101R DEEP LEARNING R DL 3 0 2 4 5 9
469 PEC PE-1 23HSS3101A
INTRODUCTION TO HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN A ITHSCD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
470 PEC PE-1 23HSS3101E
INTRODUCTION TO HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN E ITHSCD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
471 PEC PE-1 23HSS3101R
INTRODUCTION TO HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN R ITHSCD 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
472 PEC PE-1 23CSC3101A
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD-BASED 
SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING A FCS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
473 PEC PE-1 23CSC3101E
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD-BASED 
SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING E FCS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
474 PEC PE-1 23CSC3101R
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD-BASED 
SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING R FCS 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
475 PEC PE-1 23CTM3101A
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING A BIM 4 0 4 4 7 12
476 PEC PE-1 23CTM3101E
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING E BIM 4 0 4 4 7 12
477 PEC PE-1 23CTM3101R
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING R BIM 3 0 2 4 5 9
478 PEC PE-1 23CEC3101A
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SERVICES A CIS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
479 PEC PE-1 23CEC3101E
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SERVICES E CIS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
480 PEC PE-1 23CEC3101R
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SERVICES R CIS 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
481 PEC PE-1 23CID3101A
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ENGINEERING A CIE 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
482 PEC PE-1 23CID3101E
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ENGINEERING E CIE 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
483 PEC PE-1 23CID3101R
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ENGINEERING R CIE 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
484 PEC PE-1 23CNE3101A
FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING A FCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
485 PEC PE-1 23CNE3101E
FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING E FCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
486 PEC PE-1 23CNE3101R
FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING R FCNC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
487 PEC PE-1 23BMI3101A
BIOMEDICAL SIGNAL AND IMAGE 
PROCESSING A BSIP 4 0 4 4 7 12
488 PEC PE-1 23BMI3101E
BIOMEDICAL SIGNAL AND IMAGE 
PROCESSING E BSIP 4 0 4 4 7 12
489 PEC PE-1 23BMI3101R
BIOMEDICAL SIGNAL AND IMAGE 
PROCESSING R BSIP 3 0 2 4 5 9

=== PAGE 92 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 91
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
490 PEC PE-1 23HDA3101A
INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FOR DISEASE 
PREDICTION & DRUG DISCOVERY A ISDPDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
491 PEC PE-1 23HDA3101E
INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FOR DISEASE 
PREDICTION & DRUG DISCOVERY E ISDPDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
492 PEC PE-1 23HDA3101R
INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FOR DISEASE 
PREDICTION & DRUG DISCOVERY R ISDPDD 3 0 2 4 5 9
493 PEC PE-1 23BIS3101A
MOLECULAR MODELLING AND DRUG 
DESIGN A MMDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
494 PEC PE-1 23BIS3101E
MOLECULAR MODELLING AND DRUG 
DESIGN E MMDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
495 PEC PE-1 23BIS3101R
MOLECULAR MODELLING AND DRUG 
DESIGN R MMDD 3 0 2 4 5 9
496 PEC PE-2 23BIS3202A BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS A BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
497 PEC PE-2 23BIS3202E BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS E BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
498 PEC PE-2 23BIS3202R BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS R BMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
499 PEC PE-2 23BIS3203A PYTHON AND R PROGRAMMING A P&RP 5 0 0 0 5 5
500 PEC PE-2 23BIS3203E PYTHON AND R PROGRAMMING E P&RP 5 0 0 0 5 5
501 PEC PE-2 23BIS3203R PYTHON AND R PROGRAMMING R P&RP 3 0 0 0 3 3
502 PEC PE-2 23BMI3202A
ADVANCED BIOMEDICAL SIGNAL 
PROCESSING A ABSP 5 0 0 0 5 5
503 PEC PE-2 23BMI3202E
ADVANCED BIOMEDICAL SIGNAL 
PROCESSING E ABSP 5 0 0 0 5 5
504 PEC PE-2 23BMI3202R
ADVANCED BIOMEDICAL SIGNAL 
PROCESSING R ABSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
505 PEC PE-2 23AIP3202A SOFT COMPUTING A SC 5 0 0 0 5 5
506 PEC PE-2 23AIP3202E SOFT COMPUTING E SC 5 0 0 0 5 5
507 PEC PE-2 23HDA3202A BIO MEDICAL INFORMATICS A BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
508 PEC PE-2 23HDA3202E BIO MEDICAL INFORMATICS E BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
509 PEC PE-2 23HDA3202R BIO MEDICAL INFORMATICS R BMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
510 PEC PE-2 23HDA3203A GENETIC PROGRAMMING A GP 5 0 0 0 5 5
511 PEC PE-2 23HDA3203E GENETIC PROGRAMMING E GP 5 0 0 0 5 5
512 PEC PE-2 23HDA3203R GENETIC PROGRAMMING R GP 3 0 0 0 3 3
513 PEC PE-2 23CNE3202A
CLOUD NATIVE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A CNAD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
514 PEC PE-2 23CNE3202E
CLOUD NATIVE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E CNAD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
515 PEC PE-2 23CNE3202R
CLOUD NATIVE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R CNAD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 93 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 92
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
516 PEC PE-2 23CID3202A
ENTERPRISE CLOUD COMPUTING: 
TECHNOLOGY, ARCHITECTURE, 
APPLICATIONS
A ECT 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
517 PEC PE-2 23CID3202E
ENTERPRISE CLOUD COMPUTING: 
TECHNOLOGY, ARCHITECTURE, 
APPLICATIONS
E ECT 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
518 PEC PE-2 23CID3202R
ENTERPRISE CLOUD COMPUTING: 
TECHNOLOGY, ARCHITECTURE, 
APPLICATIONS
R ECT 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
519 PEC PE-2 23CEC3202A ADVANCED OPERATING SYSTEMS A AOS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
520 PEC PE-2 23CEC3202E ADVANCED OPERATING SYSTEMS E AOS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
521 PEC PE-2 23CEC3202R ADVANCED OPERATING SYSTEMS R AOS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
522 PEC PE-2 23CEC3203A
FUNCTIONAL & CONCURRENT 
PROGRAMMING A FCP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
523 PEC PE-2 23CEC3203E
FUNCTIONAL & CONCURRENT 
PROGRAMMING E FCP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
524 PEC PE-2 23CEC3203R
FUNCTIONAL & CONCURRENT 
PROGRAMMING R FCP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
525 PEC PE-2 23CEC3204A CLOUD DEVOPS A CD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
526 PEC PE-2 23CEC3204E CLOUD DEVOPS E CD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
527 PEC PE-2 23CEC3204R CLOUD DEVOPS R CD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
528 PEC PE-2 23CTM3202A
ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY A ACT 5 0 0 0 5 5
529 PEC PE-2 23CTM3202E
ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY E ACT 5 0 0 0 5 5
530 PEC PE-2 23CTM3202R
ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY R ACT 3 0 0 0 3 3
531 PEC PE-2 23CTM3203A
SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY A SCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
532 PEC PE-2 23CTM3203E
SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY E SCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
533 PEC PE-2 23CTM3203R
SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY R SCT 3 0 0 0 3 3
534 PEC PE-2 23CSC3202A
DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENTIFIC 
APPLICATIONS USING CLOUD-BASED 
TECHNOLOGY
A DSA 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
535 PEC PE-2 23CSC3202E
DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENTIFIC 
APPLICATIONS USING CLOUD-BASED 
TECHNOLOGY
E DSA 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 94 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 93
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
536 PEC PE-2 23CSC3202R
DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENTIFIC 
APPLICATIONS USING CLOUD-BASED 
TECHNOLOGY
R DSA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
537 PEC PE-2 23HSS3202A
FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER 
SECURITY A FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
538 PEC PE-2 23HSS3202E
FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER 
SECURITY E FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
539 PEC PE-2 23HSS3202R
FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER 
SECURITY R FOCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
540 PEC PE-2 23AVI3202A COMPUTER VISION A CV 5 0 0 0 5 5
541 PEC PE-2 23AVI3202E COMPUTER VISION E CV 5 0 0 0 5 5
542 PEC PE-2 23AVI3202R COMPUTER VISION R CV 3 0 0 0 3 3
543 PEC PE-2 23ALT3202A
DEEP LEARNING FOR NATURAL 
LANGUAGE PROCESSING A DLFNLP 5 0 0 0 5 5
544 PEC PE-2 23ALT3202E
DEEP LEARNING FOR NATURAL 
LANGUAGE PROCESSING E DLFNLP 5 0 0 0 5 5
545 PEC PE-2 23ALT3202R
DEEP LEARNING FOR NATURAL 
LANGUAGE PROCESSING R DLFNLP 3 0 0 0 3 3
546 PEC PE-2 23ADE3202A AI AT THE EDGE A AIAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
547 PEC PE-2 23ADE3202E AI AT THE EDGE E AIAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
548 PEC PE-2 23ADE3202R AI AT THE EDGE R AIAE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
549 PEC PE-2 23AIP3202R SOFT COMPUTING R SC 3 0 0 0 3 3
550 PEC PE-2 23AIP3203A
MULTI MODAL INFORMATION 
PROCESSING A MMIP 3 0 4 0 5 7
551 PEC PE-2 23AIP3203E
MULTI MODAL INFORMATION 
PROCESSING E MMIP 3 0 4 0 5 7
552 PEC PE-2 23AIP3203R
MULTI MODAL INFORMATION 
PROCESSING R MMIP 2 0 2 0 3 4
553 PEC PE-2 23AIP3204A ARTIFICIAL NEURAL NETWORKS A ANN 5 0 0 0 5 5
554 PEC PE-2 23AIP3204E ARTIFICIAL NEURAL NETWORKS E ANN 5 0 0 0 5 5
555 PEC PE-2 23AIP3204R ARTIFICIAL NEURAL NETWORKS R ANN 3 0 0 0 3 3
556 PEC PE-2 23IBT3202A PHARMACOVIGILANCE AND SAFETY A PCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
557 PEC PE-2 23IBT3202E PHARMACOVIGILANCE AND SAFETY E PCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
558 PEC PE-2 23IBT3202R PHARMACOVIGILANCE AND SAFETY R PCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
559 PEC PE-2 23ABT3202A
IOT APPLICATIONS IN PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE A IOTAPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 95 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 94
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
560 PEC PE-2 23ABT3202E
IOT APPLICATIONS IN PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE E IOTAPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
561 PEC PE-2 23ABT3202R
IOT APPLICATIONS IN PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE R IOTAPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
562 PEC PE-2 23ACI3202A
EXPLAINABLE AI AND 
COMMUNICATIONS A EAIC 5 0 0 0 5 5
563 PEC PE-2 23ACI3202E
EXPLAINABLE AI AND 
COMMUNICATIONS E EAIC 5 0 0 0 5 5
564 PEC PE-2 23ACI3202R
EXPLAINABLE AI AND 
COMMUNICATIONS R EAIC 3 0 0 0 3 3
565 PEC PE-2 23CCF3202A
CLOUD COMPUTING AND 
NETWORKS SECURITY A CCNS 5 0 0 0 5 5
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
566 PEC PE-2 23CCF3202E
CLOUD COMPUTING AND 
NETWORKS SECURITY E CCNS 5 0 0 0 5 5
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
567 PEC PE-2 23CCF3202R
CLOUD COMPUTING AND 
NETWORKS SECURITY R CCNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
568 PEC PE-2 23DCS3202A
MODERN SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS A MSCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
WC(1) 
Rule:1
569 PEC PE-2 23DCS3202E
MODERN SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS E MSCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
WC(1) 
Rule:1
570 PEC PE-2 23DCS3202R
MODERN SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS R MSCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
WC(1) 
Rule:1
571 PEC PE-2 23DSB3202A DATA WAREHOUSING AND MINING A DWHM 5 0 0 0 5 5
572 PEC PE-2 23DSB3202E DATA WAREHOUSING AND MINING E DWHM 5 0 0 0 5 5
573 PEC PE-2 23DSB3202R DATA WAREHOUSING AND MINING R DWHM 3 0 0 0 3 3
574 PEC PE-2 23SDM3202A
OPINION MINING & RECOMMENDER 
SYSTEMS A OMRS 5 0 0 0 5 5
575 PEC PE-2 23SDM3202E
OPINION MINING & RECOMMENDER 
SYSTEMS E OMRS 5 0 0 0 5 5
576 PEC PE-2 23SDM3202R
OPINION MINING & RECOMMENDER 
SYSTEMS R OMRS 3 0 0 0 3 3
577 PEC PE-2 23SDM3203A META SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS A MSMA 5 0 0 0 5 5
578 PEC PE-2 23SDM3203E META SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS E MSMA 5 0 0 0 5 5
579 PEC PE-2 23SDM3203R META SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS R MSMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
580 PEC PE-2 23DLA3202A AUTOMATED NETWORK ANALYSIS A ANA 5 0 0 0 5 5
581 PEC PE-2 23DLA3202E AUTOMATED NETWORK ANALYSIS E ANA 5 0 0 0 5 5
582 PEC PE-2 23DLA3202R AUTOMATED NETWORK ANALYSIS R ANA 3 0 0 0 3 3
583 PEC PE-2 23DLA3203A
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FOR 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION A BTDT 5 0 0 0 5 5
584 PEC PE-2 23DLA3203E
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FOR 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION E BTDT 5 0 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 96 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 95
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
585 PEC PE-2 23DLA3203R
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FOR 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION R BTDT 3 0 0 0 3 3
586 PEC PE-2 23CSB3202A
NETWORK AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY A NIS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
587 PEC PE-2 23CSB3202E
NETWORK AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY E NIS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
588 PEC PE-2 23CSB3202R
NETWORK AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY R NIS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
589 PEC PE-2 23CSB3203A
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
AND CRYPTO CURRENCIES A IBCC 3 0 4 0 5 7
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
590 PEC PE-2 23CSB3203E
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
AND CRYPTO CURRENCIES E IBCC 3 0 4 0 5 7
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
591 PEC PE-2 23CSB3203R
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
AND CRYPTO CURRENCIES R IBCC 2 0 2 0 3 4
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
592 PEC PE-2 23CNS3202A
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD 
SECURITY A FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
593 PEC PE-2 23CNS3202E
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD 
SECURITY E FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
594 PEC PE-2 23CNS3202R
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD 
SECURITY R FOCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
595 PEC PE-2 23BEW3202A SMART CONTRACTS A SCR 5 0 0 0 5 5
596 PEC PE-2 23BEW3202E SMART CONTRACTS E SCR 5 0 0 0 5 5
597 PEC PE-2 23BEW3202R SMART CONTRACTS R SCR 3 0 0 0 3 3
598 PEC PE-2 23ECF3202A AUTOTRONICS & SAFETY A ATS 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
599 PEC PE-2 23ECF3202E AUTOTRONICS & SAFETY E ATS 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
600 PEC PE-2 23ECF3202R AUTOTRONICS & SAFETY R ATS 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
601 PEC PE-2 23ECF3203A AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES A AV 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
602 PEC PE-2 23ECF3203E AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES E AV 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
603 PEC PE-2 23ECF3203R AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES R AV 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
604 PEC PE-2 23EGD3202A
CREEP, FATIGUE AND FRACTURE 
MECHANICS A CFFM 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
605 PEC PE-2 23EGD3202E
CREEP, FATIGUE AND FRACTURE 
MECHANICS E CFFM 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
606 PEC PE-2 23EGD3202R
CREEP, FATIGUE AND FRACTURE 
MECHANICS R CFFM 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
607 PEC PE-2 23EGD3203A
THEORY OF ELASTICITY AND 
PLASTICITY A TEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 97 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 96
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
608 PEC PE-2 23EGD3203E
THEORY OF ELASTICITY AND 
PLASTICITY E TEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
609 PEC PE-2 23EGD3203R
THEORY OF ELASTICITY AND 
PLASTICITY R TEP 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
610 PEC PE-2 23ILA3202A
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION AND 
ROBOTICS A IAR 5 0 0 0 5 5
611 PEC PE-2 23ILA3202E
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION AND 
ROBOTICS E IAR 5 0 0 0 5 5
612 PEC PE-2 23ILA3202R
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION AND 
ROBOTICS R IAR 3 0 0 0 3 3
613 PEC PE-2 23ILA3203A
EDGE COMPUTING FOR INDUSTRY 
4.0 A ECI 5 0 0 0 5 5
614 PEC PE-2 23ILA3203E
EDGE COMPUTING FOR INDUSTRY 
4.0 E ECI 5 0 0 0 5 5
615 PEC PE-2 23ILA3203R
EDGE COMPUTING FOR INDUSTRY 
4.0 R ECI 3 0 0 0 3 3
616 PEC PE-2 23EDS3202A EMBEDDED SYSTEMS FOR IOT A ESIOT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
617 PEC PE-2 23EDS3202E EMBEDDED SYSTEMS FOR IOT E ESIOT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
618 PEC PE-2 23EDS3202R EMBEDDED SYSTEMS FOR IOT R ESIOT 3 0 0 0 3 3
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
619 PEC PE-2 23CPS3202A
INTERNET OF THINGS 
ARCHITECTURES AND PROTOCOLS A IOTAP 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
620 PEC PE-2 23CPS3202E
INTERNET OF THINGS 
ARCHITECTURES AND PROTOCOLS E IOTAP 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
621 PEC PE-2 23CPS3202R
INTERNET OF THINGS 
ARCHITECTURES AND PROTOCOLS R IOTAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
622 PEC PE-2 23IMP3202A DATA ENGINEERING A DE 5 0 0 0 5 5
623 PEC PE-2 23IMP3202E DATA ENGINEERING E DE 5 0 0 0 5 5
624 PEC PE-2 23IMP3202R DATA ENGINEERING R DE 3 0 0 0 3 3
625 PEC PE-2 23HDA3204A
PYTHON FOR GENOMIC DATA 
SCIENCE A PFGDS 5 0 0 0 5 5
626 PEC PE-2 23HDA3204E
PYTHON FOR GENOMIC DATA 
SCIENCE E PFGDS 5 0 0 0 5 5
627 PEC PE-2 23HDA3204R
PYTHON FOR GENOMIC DATA 
SCIENCE R PFGDS 3 0 0 0 3 3
628 PEC PE-2 23IOT3202A EDGE COMPUTING A EC 5 0 0 0 5 5
629 PEC PE-2 23IOT3202E EDGE COMPUTING E EC 5 0 0 0 5 5
630 PEC PE-2 23IOT3202R EDGE COMPUTING R EC 3 0 0 0 3 3
631 PEC PE-2 23VLS3202A
TESTING AND VERIFICATION OF 
VLSI CIRCUITS A TVVC 5 0 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 98 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 97
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
632 PEC PE-2 23VLS3202E
TESTING AND VERIFICATION OF 
VLSI CIRCUITS E TVVC 5 0 0 0 5 5
633 PEC PE-2 23VLS3202R
TESTING AND VERIFICATION OF 
VLSI CIRCUITS R TVVC 3 0 0 0 3 3
634 PEC PE-2 23WRE3202A
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AND 
LANDFILLS A SWML 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
635 PEC PE-2 23WRE3202E
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AND 
LANDFILLS E SWML 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
636 PEC PE-2 23WRE3202R
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AND 
LANDFILLS R SWML 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
637 PEC PE-2 23WRE3203A
DESIGN OF HYDRAULIC 
STRUCTURES A DHS 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
638 PEC PE-2 23WRE3203E
DESIGN OF HYDRAULIC 
STRUCTURES E DHS 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
639 PEC PE-2 23WRE3203R
DESIGN OF HYDRAULIC 
STRUCTURES R DHS 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
640 PEC PE-2 23STE3202A ADVANCED STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS A ASA 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
641 PEC PE-2 23STE3202E ADVANCED STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS E ASA 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
642 PEC PE-2 23STE3202R ADVANCED STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS R ASA 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
643 PEC PE-2 23STE3203A
ADVANCED DESIGN OF STEEL 
STRUCTURE A ADSS 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
644 PEC PE-2 23STE3203E
ADVANCED DESIGN OF STEEL 
STRUCTURE E ADSS 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
645 PEC PE-2 23STE3203R
ADVANCED DESIGN OF STEEL 
STRUCTURE R ADSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
646 PEC PE-2 23EME3202A
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS & 
TESTING OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE A CPTEV 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
647 PEC PE-2 23EME3202E
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS & 
TESTING OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE E CPTEV 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
648 PEC PE-2 23EME3202R
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS & 
TESTING OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE R CPTEV 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
649 PEC PE-2 23EME3203A
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS A AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
650 PEC PE-2 23EME3203E
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS E AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
651 PEC PE-2 23EME3203R
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS R AVAE 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
652 PEC PE-2 23SMD3202A
DESIGN PATTERNS & CLEAN 
CODING TECHNIQUES A DPCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
653 PEC PE-2 23SMD3202E
DESIGN PATTERNS & CLEAN 
CODING TECHNIQUES E DPCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
654 PEC PE-2 23SMD3202R
DESIGN PATTERNS & CLEAN 
CODING TECHNIQUES R DPCT 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 99 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 98
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
655 PEC PE-2 23CNE3203A CLOUD NATIVE DESIGN PROCESS A CNDP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
656 PEC PE-2 23CNE3203E CLOUD NATIVE DESIGN PROCESS E CNDP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
657 PEC PE-2 23CNE3203R CLOUD NATIVE DESIGN PROCESS R CNDP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
658 PEC PE-2 23CSC3203A
DISTRIBUTED SCIENTIFIC 
COMPUTING IN THE CLOUD A DSCC 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
659 PEC PE-2 23CSC3203E
DISTRIBUTED SCIENTIFIC 
COMPUTING IN THE CLOUD E DSCC 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
660 PEC PE-2 23CSC3203R
DISTRIBUTED SCIENTIFIC 
COMPUTING IN THE CLOUD R DSCC 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
661 PEC PE-2 23CID3203A
ARCHITECTING HIGHLY AVAILABLE 
AND SCALABLE CLOUD 
ENVIRONMENTS
A AHASCE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
662 PEC PE-2 23CID3203E
ARCHITECTING HIGHLY AVAILABLE 
AND SCALABLE CLOUD 
ENVIRONMENTS
E AHASCE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
663 PEC PE-2 23CID3203R
ARCHITECTING HIGHLY AVAILABLE 
AND SCALABLE CLOUD 
ENVIRONMENTS
R AHASCE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
664 PEC PE-2 23DEA3202A
DATA EXPLORATION AND 
PREPARATION A DEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
665 PEC PE-2 23DEA3202E
DATA EXPLORATION AND 
PREPARATION E DEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
666 PEC PE-2 23DEA3202R
DATA EXPLORATION AND 
PREPARATION R DEP 3 0 0 0 3 3
667 PEC PE-2 23RAN3202A
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS A AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
668 PEC PE-2 23RAN3202E
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS E AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
669 PEC PE-2 23RAN3202R
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS R AVAE 3 0 0 0 3 3
670 PEC PE-2 23RAN3203A
ROBOT MANIPULATION AND 
WHEELED MOBILE ROBOTS A RMWR 5 0 0 0 5 5
671 PEC PE-2 23RAN3203E
ROBOT MANIPULATION AND 
WHEELED MOBILE ROBOTS E RMWR 5 0 0 0 5 5
672 PEC PE-2 23RAN3203R
ROBOT MANIPULATION AND 
WHEELED MOBILE ROBOTS R RMWR 3 0 0 0 3 3
673 PEC PE-2 23IOT3203A PRECISION AGRICULTURE A PA 5 0 0 0 5 5
674 PEC PE-2 23IOT3203E PRECISION AGRICULTURE E PA 5 0 0 0 5 5
675 PEC PE-2 23IOT3203R PRECISION AGRICULTURE R PA 3 0 0 0 3 3
676 PEC PE-2 23IOT3204A SMART FARMING A SF 5 0 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 100 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 99
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
677 PEC PE-2 23IOT3204E SMART FARMING E SF 5 0 0 0 5 5
678 PEC PE-2 23IOT3204R SMART FARMING R SF 3 0 0 0 3 3
679 PEC PE-2 23RFM3202A
ADVANCED ANTENNA DESIGN FOR 
WIRELESS AND 5G APPLICATIONS A AADWA 5 0 0 0 5 5
680 PEC PE-2 23RFM3202E
ADVANCED ANTENNA DESIGN FOR 
WIRELESS AND 5G APPLICATIONS E AADWA 5 0 0 0 5 5
681 PEC PE-2 23RFM3202R
ADVANCED ANTENNA DESIGN FOR 
WIRELESS AND 5G APPLICATIONS R AADWA 3 0 0 0 3 3
682 PEC PE-2 23ASS3202A
INTRODUCTION TO INTELLIGENT 
DRONES A IID 5 0 0 0 5 5
683 PEC PE-2 23ASS3202E
INTRODUCTION TO INTELLIGENT 
DRONES E IID 5 0 0 0 5 5
684 PEC PE-2 23ASS3202R
INTRODUCTION TO INTELLIGENT 
DRONES R IID 3 0 0 0 3 3
685 PEC PE-2 23ASS3203A
AI AND IOT FOR AUTONOMOUS 
VEHICLE A AIAV 5 0 0 0 5 5
686 PEC PE-2 23ASS3203E
AI AND IOT FOR AUTONOMOUS 
VEHICLE E AIAV 5 0 0 0 5 5
687 PEC PE-2 23ASS3203R
AI AND IOT FOR AUTONOMOUS 
VEHICLE R AIAV 3 0 0 0 3 3
688 PEC PE-2 23AEA3202A AUTOTRONICS A AT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
689 PEC PE-2 23AEA3202E AUTOTRONICS E AT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
690 PEC PE-2 23AEA3202R AUTOTRONICS R AT 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
691 PEC PE-2 23AEA3203A
AUTOMOTIVE POLLUTION AND ITS 
CONTROL A APC 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
692 PEC PE-2 23AEA3203E
AUTOMOTIVE POLLUTION AND ITS 
CONTROL E APC 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
693 PEC PE-2 23AEA3203R
AUTOMOTIVE POLLUTION AND ITS 
CONTROL R APC 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
694 PEC PE-2 23SMF3202A
ADVANCED MATERIALS 
MANUFACTURING & TESTING A AMMT 5 0 0 0 5 5
695 PEC PE-2 23SMF3202E
ADVANCED MATERIALS 
MANUFACTURING & TESTING E AMMT 5 0 0 0 5 5
696 PEC PE-2 23SMF3202R
ADVANCED MATERIALS 
MANUFACTURING & TESTING R AMMT 3 0 0 0 3 3
697 PEC PE-2 23SMF3203A
MODERN MANUFACTURING 
PROCESSES A MMP 5 0 0 0 5 5
698 PEC PE-2 23SMF3203E
MODERN MANUFACTURING 
PROCESSES E MMP 5 0 0 0 5 5
699 PEC PE-2 23SMF3203R
MODERN MANUFACTURING 
PROCESSES R MMP 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 101 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 100
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
700 PEC PE-2 23SGT3202A DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM PRACTICES A DSP 5 0 0 0 5 5
701 PEC PE-2 23SGT3202E DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM PRACTICES E DSP 5 0 0 0 5 5
702 PEC PE-2 23SGT3202R DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM PRACTICES R DSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
703 PEC PE-2 23SGT3203A
MICROGRID DYNAMICS AND 
CONTROL A MDC 5 0 0 0 5 5
704 PEC PE-2 23SGT3203E
MICROGRID DYNAMICS AND 
CONTROL E MDC 5 0 0 0 5 5
705 PEC PE-2 23SGT3203R
MICROGRID DYNAMICS AND 
CONTROL R MDC 3 0 0 0 3 3
706 PEC PE-2 23GTE3202A
INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEMS A ITS 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
707 PEC PE-2 23GTE3202E
INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEMS E ITS 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
708 PEC PE-2 23GTE3202R
INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEMS R ITS 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
709 PEC PE-2 23GTE3203A
GROUND IMPROVEMENT 
TECHNIQUES A GIT 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
710 PEC PE-2 23GTE3203E
GROUND IMPROVEMENT 
TECHNIQUES E GIT 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
711 PEC PE-2 23GTE3203R
GROUND IMPROVEMENT 
TECHNIQUES R GIT 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
712 PEC PE-2 23SCI3202A
SPATIAL COMPUTING FOR 
MULTIPLAYER GAMES A SCMG 5 0 0 0 5 5
713 PEC PE-2 23SCI3202E
SPATIAL COMPUTING FOR 
MULTIPLAYER GAMES E SCMG 5 0 0 0 5 5
714 PEC PE-2 23SCI3202R
SPATIAL COMPUTING FOR 
MULTIPLAYER GAMES R SCMG 3 0 0 0 3 3
715 PEC PE-2 23CPD3202A
REACT NATIVE FOR ANDROID AND 
IOS DEVELOPMENT A RNA 5 0 0 0 5 5
716 PEC PE-2 23CPD3202E
REACT NATIVE FOR ANDROID AND 
IOS DEVELOPMENT E RNA 5 0 0 0 5 5
717 PEC PE-2 23CPD3202R
REACT NATIVE FOR ANDROID AND 
IOS DEVELOPMENT R RNA 3 0 0 0 3 3
718 PEC PE-2 23CPD3203A
FRAMEWORK BASED CROSS 
PLATFORM APP DEVELOPMENT A FBCPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
719 PEC PE-2 23CPD3203E
FRAMEWORK BASED CROSS 
PLATFORM APP DEVELOPMENT E FBCPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
720 PEC PE-2 23CPD3203R
FRAMEWORK BASED CROSS 
PLATFORM APP DEVELOPMENT R FBCPD 3 0 0 0 3 3
721 PEC PE-2 23GDU3202A UX DESIGN A UD 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
722 PEC PE-2 23GDU3202E UX DESIGN E UD 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 102 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 101
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
723 PEC PE-2 23GDU3202R UX DESIGN R UD 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
724 PEC PE-2 23MBT3202A VIROLOGY A VR 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
725 PEC PE-2 23MBT3202E VIROLOGY E VR 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
726 PEC PE-2 23MBT3202R VIROLOGY R VR 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
727 PEC PE-2 23MBT3203A NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY A NBT 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
728 PEC PE-2 23MBT3203E NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY E NBT 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
729 PEC PE-2 23MBT3203R NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY R NBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
730 PEC PE-2 23GEG3202A
MOLECULAR EXPRESSION 
TECHNOLOGY A MET 5 0 0 0 5 5
731 PEC PE-2 23GEG3202E
MOLECULAR EXPRESSION 
TECHNOLOGY E MET 5 0 0 0 5 5
732 PEC PE-2 23GEG3202R
MOLECULAR EXPRESSION 
TECHNOLOGY R MET 3 0 0 0 3 3
733 PEC PE-2 23GEG3203A TRANSGENIC TECHNOLOGY A TT 5 0 0 0 5 5
734 PEC PE-2 23GEG3203E TRANSGENIC TECHNOLOGY E TT 5 0 0 0 5 5
735 PEC PE-2 23GEG3203R TRANSGENIC TECHNOLOGY R TT 3 0 0 0 3 3
736 PEC PE-2 23GET3202A
WIND AND ENERGY STORAGE 
TECHNOLOGIES A WEST 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
737 PEC PE-2 23GET3202E
WIND AND ENERGY STORAGE 
TECHNOLOGIES E WEST 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
738 PEC PE-2 23GET3202R
WIND AND ENERGY STORAGE 
TECHNOLOGIES R WEST 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
739 PEC PE-2 23GET3203A ENERGY ECONOMICS AND POLICY A EEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
740 PEC PE-2 23GET3203E ENERGY ECONOMICS AND POLICY E EEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
741 PEC PE-2 23GET3203R ENERGY ECONOMICS AND POLICY R EEP 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
742 PEC PE-2 23ASS3205A
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ECU 
DESIGN WITH AUTOSAR A AVECUDA 3 0 4 0 5 7
743 PEC PE-2 23ASS3205E
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ECU 
DESIGN WITH AUTOSAR E AVECUDA 3 0 4 0 5 7
744 PEC PE-2 23ASS3205R
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ECU 
DESIGN WITH AUTOSAR R AVECUDA 2 0 2 0 3 4
745 PEC PE-3 23ASS3309A
AUTONOMOUS ELECTRIC MOBILITY 
- SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS A AAAV 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 103 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 102
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
746 PEC PE-3 23ASS3309E
AUTONOMOUS ELECTRIC MOBILITY 
- SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS E AAAV 4 0 4 4 7 12
747 PEC PE-3 23ASS3309R
AUTONOMOUS ELECTRIC MOBILITY 
- SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS R AAAV 3 0 2 4 5 9
748 PEC PE-3 23GET3304A
GRID INTEGRATION OF RENEWABLE 
ENERGY SOURCES A GIRES 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
749 PEC PE-3 23GET3304E
GRID INTEGRATION OF RENEWABLE 
ENERGY SOURCES E GIRES 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
750 PEC PE-3 23GET3304R
GRID INTEGRATION OF RENEWABLE 
ENERGY SOURCES R GIRES 3 0 2 4 5 9
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
751 PEC PE-3 23GEG3304A
MOLECULAR MARKERS AND 
DIAGNOSTICS A MMD 4 0 4 4 7 12
752 PEC PE-3 23GEG3304E
MOLECULAR MARKERS AND 
DIAGNOSTICS E MMD 4 0 4 4 7 12
753 PEC PE-3 23GEG3304R
MOLECULAR MARKERS AND 
DIAGNOSTICS R MMD 3 0 2 4 5 9
754 PEC PE-3 23MBT3304A HEALTHCARE BIOTECHNOLOGY A HBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
755 PEC PE-3 23MBT3304E HEALTHCARE BIOTECHNOLOGY E HBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
756 PEC PE-3 23MBT3304R HEALTHCARE BIOTECHNOLOGY R HBT 3 0 2 4 5 9
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
757 PEC PE-3 23GDU3303A
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A AR&VR 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
758 PEC PE-3 23GDU3303E
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E AR&VR 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
759 PEC PE-3 23GDU3303R
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R AR&VR 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
760 PEC PE-3 23CPD3304A
SECURE MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A SMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
761 PEC PE-3 23CPD3304E
SECURE MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E SMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
762 PEC PE-3 23CPD3304R
SECURE MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R SMAD 3 0 2 4 5 9
763 PEC PE-3 23SCI3303A
SPATIAL COMPUTING PLATFORMS 
AND DEVELOPMENT A SCPD 4 0 4 4 7 12
764 PEC PE-3 23SCI3303E
SPATIAL COMPUTING PLATFORMS 
AND DEVELOPMENT E SCPD 4 0 4 4 7 12
765 PEC PE-3 23SCI3303R
SPATIAL COMPUTING PLATFORMS 
AND DEVELOPMENT R SCPD 3 0 2 4 5 9
766 PEC PE-3 23GTE3304A PAVEMENT MATERIALS &DESIGN A PMD 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
767 PEC PE-3 23GTE3304E PAVEMENT MATERIALS &DESIGN E PMD 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
768 PEC PE-3 23GTE3304R PAVEMENT MATERIALS &DESIGN R PMD 3 0 2 4 5 9
SM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 104 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 103
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
769 PEC PE-3 23SGT3304A
ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
AND SCADA A EMS&SCADA 4 0 4 4 7 12
770 PEC PE-3 23SGT3304E
ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
AND SCADA E EMS&SCADA 4 0 4 4 7 12
771 PEC PE-3 23SGT3304R
ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
AND SCADA R EMS&SCADA 3 0 2 4 5 9
772 PEC PE-3 23SMF3304A
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN SMART 
MANUFACTURING
A SDSISM 4 0 4 4 7 12
773 PEC PE-3 23SMF3304E
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN SMART 
MANUFACTURING
E SDSISM 4 0 4 4 7 12
774 PEC PE-3 23SMF3304R
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN SMART 
MANUFACTURING
R SDSISM 3 0 2 4 5 9
775 PEC PE-3 23AEA3304A
ALTERNATE DRIVES, TRACTION AND 
CONTROLS A ADTC 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
776 PEC PE-3 23AEA3304E
ALTERNATE DRIVES, TRACTION AND 
CONTROLS E ADTC 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
777 PEC PE-3 23AEA3304R
ALTERNATE DRIVES, TRACTION AND 
CONTROLS R ADTC 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
778 PEC PE-3 23ASS3304A
APPLIED DEEP LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS A ADLAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
779 PEC PE-3 23ASS3304E
APPLIED DEEP LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS E ADLAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
780 PEC PE-3 23ASS3304R
APPLIED DEEP LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS R ADLAS 3 0 2 4 5 9
781 PEC PE-3 23RFM3303A
MODERN RADAR SYSTEMS & 
NAVIGATIONAL AIDS A MRSNA 4 0 4 4 7 12
782 PEC PE-3 23RFM3303E
MODERN RADAR SYSTEMS & 
NAVIGATIONAL AIDS E MRSNA 4 0 4 4 7 12
783 PEC PE-3 23RFM3303R
MODERN RADAR SYSTEMS & 
NAVIGATIONAL AIDS R MRSNA 3 0 2 4 5 9
784 PEC PE-3 23RAN3304A ADVANCED ROBOTICS A AR 4 0 4 4 7 12
785 PEC PE-3 23RAN3304E ADVANCED ROBOTICS E AR 4 0 4 4 7 12
786 PEC PE-3 23RAN3304R ADVANCED ROBOTICS R AR 3 0 2 4 5 9
787 PEC PE-3 23DEA3303A BIG DATA TECHNOLOGIES A BDT 4 0 4 4 7 12
788 PEC PE-3 23DEA3303E BIG DATA TECHNOLOGIES E BDT 4 0 4 4 7 12
789 PEC PE-3 23DEA3303R BIG DATA TECHNOLOGIES R BDT 3 0 2 4 5 9
790 PEC PE-3 23SMD3303A CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & DEVOPS A CDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
791 PEC PE-3 23SMD3303E CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & DEVOPS E CDD 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 105 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 104
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
792 PEC PE-3 23SMD3303R CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & DEVOPS R CDD 3 0 2 4 5 9
793 PEC PE-3 23EME3304A
CHARGING STATIONS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLES A CSEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
794 PEC PE-3 23EME3304E
CHARGING STATIONS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLES E CSEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
795 PEC PE-3 23EME3304R
CHARGING STATIONS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLES R CSEV 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
796 PEC PE-3 23STE3304A BRIDGE ENGINEERING A BE 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
797 PEC PE-3 23STE3304E BRIDGE ENGINEERING E BE 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
798 PEC PE-3 23STE3304R BRIDGE ENGINEERING R BE 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
799 PEC PE-3 23ILA3304A INDUSTRIAL DRIVES AND CONTROL A ID&C 4 0 4 4 7 12
800 PEC PE-3 23ILA3304E INDUSTRIAL DRIVES AND CONTROL E ID&C 4 0 4 4 7 12
801 PEC PE-3 23ILA3304R INDUSTRIAL DRIVES AND CONTROL R ID&C 3 0 2 4 5 9
802 PEC PE-3 23WRE3304A WATER RESOURCES FIELD METHODS A WRFM 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
803 PEC PE-3 23WRE3304E WATER RESOURCES FIELD METHODS E WRFM 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
804 PEC PE-3 23WRE3304R WATER RESOURCES FIELD METHODS R WRFM 3 0 2 4 5 9
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
805 PEC PE-3 23VLS3303A
VLSI PHYSICAL DESIGN 
AUTOMATION A VPDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
806 PEC PE-3 23VLS3303E
VLSI PHYSICAL DESIGN 
AUTOMATION E VPDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
807 PEC PE-3 23VLS3303R
VLSI PHYSICAL DESIGN 
AUTOMATION R VPDA 3 0 2 4 5 9
808 PEC PE-3 23IOT3305A DEEP LEARNING A DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
809 PEC PE-3 23IOT3305E DEEP LEARNING E DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
810 PEC PE-3 23IOT3305R DEEP LEARNING R DL 3 0 2 4 5 9
811 PEC PE-3 23CPS3303A CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS A CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
812 PEC PE-3 23CPS3303E CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS E CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
813 PEC PE-3 23CPS3303R CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS R CPS 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
814 PEC PE-3 23EDS3303A
EMBEDDED AND REAL-TIME 
SYSTEMS A ERTS 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
815 PEC PE-3 23EDS3303E
EMBEDDED AND REAL-TIME 
SYSTEMS E ERTS 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 106 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 105
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
816 PEC PE-3 23EDS3303R
EMBEDDED AND REAL-TIME 
SYSTEMS R ERTS 3 0 2 4 5 9
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
817 PEC PE-3 23EGD3304A
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN ENGINEERING 
DESIGN
A SDSIED 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
818 PEC PE-3 23EGD3304E
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN ENGINEERING 
DESIGN
E SDSIED 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
819 PEC PE-3 23EGD3304R
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN ENGINEERING 
DESIGN
R SDSIED 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
820 PEC PE-3 23ECF3304A
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN A HEVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
821 PEC PE-3 23ECF3304E
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN E HEVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
822 PEC PE-3 23ECF3304R
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN R HEVD 3 0 2 4 5 9
TD(1) 
Rule:1
823 PEC PE-3 23IMP3303A
BIO MEDICAL SIGNAL  AND IMAGE 
ANALYSIS A AMSIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
824 PEC PE-3 23IMP3303E
BIO MEDICAL SIGNAL  AND IMAGE 
ANALYSIS E AMSIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
825 PEC PE-3 23IMP3303R
BIO MEDICAL SIGNAL  AND IMAGE 
ANALYSIS R AMSIA 3 0 2 4 5 9
826 PEC PE-3 23BEW3303A
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS 
AND DECENTRALIZED WEB A DADW 4 0 4 4 7 12
827 PEC PE-3 23BEW3303E
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS 
AND DECENTRALIZED WEB E DADW 4 0 4 4 7 12
828 PEC PE-3 23BEW3303R
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS 
AND DECENTRALIZED WEB R DADW 3 0 2 4 5 9
829 PEC PE-3 23CNS3303A CONTAINER SECURITY A CTSY 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
830 PEC PE-3 23CNS3303E CONTAINER SECURITY E CTSY 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
831 PEC PE-3 23CNS3303R CONTAINER SECURITY R CTSY 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
832 PEC PE-3 23CSB3304A DIGITAL FORENSICS A DF 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
833 PEC PE-3 23CSB3304E DIGITAL FORENSICS E DF 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
834 PEC PE-3 23CSB3304R DIGITAL FORENSICS R DF 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
835 PEC PE-3 23DLA3304A MULTI AGENT SYSTEMS A MAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
836 PEC PE-3 23DLA3304E MULTI AGENT SYSTEMS E MAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
837 PEC PE-3 23DLA3304R MULTI AGENT SYSTEMS R MAS 3 0 2 4 5 9

=== PAGE 107 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 106
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
838 PEC PE-3 23SDM3304A
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING 
ANALYTICS A SMMA 4 0 4 4 7 12
839 PEC PE-3 23SDM3304E
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING 
ANALYTICS E SMMA 4 0 4 4 7 12
840 PEC PE-3 23SDM3304R
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING 
ANALYTICS R SMMA 3 0 2 4 5 9
841 PEC PE-3 23DSB3303A BIG DATA ANALYTICS A BDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
842 PEC PE-3 23DSB3303E BIG DATA ANALYTICS E BDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
843 PEC PE-3 23DSB3303R BIG DATA ANALYTICS R BDA 3 0 2 4 5 9
844 PEC PE-3 23DCS3303A 5G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES A 5GWT 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
845 PEC PE-3 23DCS3303E 5G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES E 5GWT 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
846 PEC PE-3 23DCS3303R 5G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES R 5GWT 3 0 2 4 5 9
WC(1) 
Rule:1
847 PEC PE-3 23CCF3303A VOIP AND BROADBAND NETWORKS A VBN 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
848 PEC PE-3 23CCF3303E VOIP AND BROADBAND NETWORKS E VBN 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
849 PEC PE-3 23CCF3303R VOIP AND BROADBAND NETWORKS R VBN 3 0 2 4 5 9
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
850 PEC PE-3 23ACI3303A FUZZY LOGIC WITH SET THEORY A FLST 4 0 4 4 7 12
851 PEC PE-3 23ACI3303E FUZZY LOGIC WITH SET THEORY E FLST 4 0 4 4 7 12
852 PEC PE-3 23ACI3303R FUZZY LOGIC WITH SET THEORY R FLST 3 0 2 4 5 9
853 PEC PE-3 23ABT3203A
MACHINE LEARNING FOR PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE A MLPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
854 PEC PE-3 23ABT3203E
MACHINE LEARNING FOR PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE E MLPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
855 PEC PE-3 23ABT3203R
MACHINE LEARNING FOR PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE R MLPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
856 PEC PE-3 23ABT3304A
IMAGE PROCESSING FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS A IPAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
857 PEC PE-3 23IBT3203A
BIOPROCESS ECONOMICS AND 
PLANT DESIGN A BEPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
858 PEC PE-3 23IBT3203E
BIOPROCESS ECONOMICS AND 
PLANT DESIGN E BEPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
859 PEC PE-3 23IBT3203R
BIOPROCESS ECONOMICS AND 
PLANT DESIGN R BEPD 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
860 PEC PE-3 23AIP3305A GENERATIVE DEEP LEARNING A GDL 4 0 4 4 7 12
861 PEC PE-3 23AIP3305E GENERATIVE DEEP LEARNING E GDL 4 0 4 4 7 12
862 PEC PE-3 23AIP3305R GENERATIVE DEEP LEARNING R GDL 3 0 2 4 5 9

=== PAGE 108 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 107
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
863 PEC PE-3 23ADE3303A
EDGE AI ARCHITECTURES AND 
APPLICATIONS A EAIAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
864 PEC PE-3 23ADE3303E
EDGE AI ARCHITECTURES AND 
APPLICATIONS E EAIAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
865 PEC PE-3 23ADE3303R
EDGE AI ARCHITECTURES AND 
APPLICATIONS R EAIAA 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
866 PEC PE-3 23ALT3303A
CONVERSATIONAL AI AND CHATBOT 
DEVELOPMENT A CAICBD 4 0 4 4 7 12
867 PEC PE-3 23ALT3303E
CONVERSATIONAL AI AND CHATBOT 
DEVELOPMENT E CAICBD 4 0 4 4 7 12
868 PEC PE-3 23ALT3303R
CONVERSATIONAL AI AND CHATBOT 
DEVELOPMENT R CAICBD 3 0 2 4 5 9
869 PEC PE-3 23AVI3303A OBJECT DETECTION A OD 4 0 4 4 7 12
870 PEC PE-3 23AVI3303E OBJECT DETECTION E OD 4 0 4 4 7 12
871 PEC PE-3 23AVI3303R OBJECT DETECTION R OD 3 0 2 4 5 9
872 PEC PE-3 23HSS3303A HARDWARE SECURITY MECHANISMS A HSM 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
873 PEC PE-3 23HSS3303E HARDWARE SECURITY MECHANISMS E HSM 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
874 PEC PE-3 23HSS3303R HARDWARE SECURITY MECHANISMS R HSM 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
875 PEC PE-3 23CSC3304A
CLOUD BASED HIGH PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING A CHC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
876 PEC PE-3 23CSC3304E
CLOUD BASED HIGH PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING E CHC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
877 PEC PE-3 23CSC3304R
CLOUD BASED HIGH PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING R CHC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
878 PEC PE-3 23CTM3304A
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING & 
SCHEDULING A CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
879 PEC PE-3 23CTM3304E
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING & 
SCHEDULING E CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
880 PEC PE-3 23CTM3304R
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING & 
SCHEDULING R CPS 3 0 2 4 5 9
881 PEC PE-3 23CEC3305A
CLOUD & SERVERLESS COMPUTING 
A CSC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
882 PEC PE-3 23CEC3305E
CLOUD & SERVERLESS COMPUTING 
E CSC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
883 PEC PE-3 23CEC3305R
CLOUD & SERVERLESS COMPUTING 
R CSC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
884 PEC PE-3 23CID3304A
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ARCHITECTURE AND ENGINEERING A CIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
885 PEC PE-3 23CID3304E
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ARCHITECTURE AND ENGINEERING E CIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 109 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 108
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
886 PEC PE-3 23CID3304R
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ARCHITECTURE AND ENGINEERING R CIA 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
887 PEC PE-3 23CNE3304A
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FOR 
CLOUD COMPUTING A SEC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
888 PEC PE-3 23CNE3304E
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FOR 
CLOUD COMPUTING E SEC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
889 PEC PE-3 23CNE3304R
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FOR 
CLOUD COMPUTING R SEC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
890 PEC PE-3 23BMI3303A
MATERIALS FOR BIO-MEDICAL 
APPLICATIONS A MBMA 4 0 4 4 7 12
891 PEC PE-3 23BMI3303E
MATERIALS FOR BIO-MEDICAL 
APPLICATIONS E MBMA 4 0 4 4 7 12
892 PEC PE-3 23BMI3303R
MATERIALS FOR BIO-MEDICAL 
APPLICATIONS R MBMA 3 0 2 4 5 9
893 PEC PE-3 23BIS3304A STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY A SB 4 0 4 4 7 12
894 PEC PE-3 23BIS3304E STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY E SB 4 0 4 4 7 12
895 PEC PE-3 23BIS3304R STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY R SB 3 0 2 4 5 9
896 PEC PE-3 23HDA3305A COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE A CNSE 4 0 4 4 7 12
897 PEC PE-3 23HDA3305E COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE E CNSE 4 0 4 4 7 12
898 PEC PE-3 23HDA3305R COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE R CNSE 3 0 2 4 5 9
899 PEC PE-4 23HDA3407M
INTRODUCTION TO GENOMIC 
TECHNOLOGIES M IGT 3 0 0 0 3 3
900 PEC PE-4 23BIS3405M APPLIED BIOINFORMATICS M ABI 3 0 0 0 3 3
901 PEC PE-4 23BIS3406M
NGS SEQUENCING AND DATA 
ANALYSIS M NGSDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
902 PEC PE-4 23BMI3404M
NANOTECHNOLOGY AND 
NANOSENSORS M NTNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
903 PEC PE-4 23HDA3406M
NGS SEQUENCING AND DATA 
ANALYSIS M NGSDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
904 PEC PE-4 23CNE3405M
SERVERLESS COMPUTING AND 
EVENT-DRIVEN ARCHITECTURES M SCEDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
905 PEC PE-4 23CID3405M
RELIABLE CLOUD 
INFRASTRUCTURE: DESIGN & 
PROCESS
M RID 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
906 PEC PE-4 23CEC3406M
ADVANCED COMPUTER 
ARCHITECTURE M ACA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
907 PEC PE-4 23CEC3407M PARALLEL ALGORITHMS M PA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
908 PEC PE-4 23CEC3408M CLOUD SECURITY M CS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
909 PEC PE-4 23CEC3409M ARCHITECTING CLOUD SOLUTIONS* M ACS 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 110 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 109
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
910 PEC PE-4 23CTM3405M CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS M CC 3 0 0 0 3 3
911 PEC PE-4 23CTM3406M
CONSTRUCTION FORMULATION 
APPRAISAL M CFA 3 0 0 0 3 3
912 PEC PE-4 23CSC3405M CLOUD-BASED GRID COMPUTING M CGC 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
913 PEC PE-4 23HSS3404M SOFTWARE SECURITY PRINCIPLES M SSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
914 PEC PE-4 23HSS3405M
SECURE CO-DESIGN 
METHODOLOGIES M SCDM 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
915 PEC PE-4 23HSS3406M
HARDWARE TROJAN DETECTION 
AND PREVENTION M HTDAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
916 PEC PE-4 23AVI3404M
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING M VRASU 3 0 0 0 3 3
917 PEC PE-4 23AVI3405M
DEEP REINFORCEMENT LEARNING 
FOR VISION M DRLV 3 0 0 0 3 3
918 PEC PE-4 23ALT3404M TEXT UNDERSTANDING M TUS 3 0 0 0 3 3
919 PEC PE-4 23ALT3405M NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING M NLP 3 0 0 0 3 3
920 PEC PE-4 23ADE3404M EDGE AI AND 5G M EAI5G 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
921 PEC PE-4 23ADE3405M
EDGE AI SECURITY AND 
PROTECTION M EAISP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
922 PEC PE-4 23AIP3406M COGNITIVE COMPUTING M CC 3 0 0 0 3 3
923 PEC PE-4 23AIP3407M
PERCEPTION AND COMPUTER 
VISION M PCV 3 0 0 0 3 3
924 PEC PE-4 23AIP3408M MACHINE LEARNING ON CLOUD M MLC 3 0 0 0 3 3
925 PEC PE-4 23IBT3304A ENZYME ENGINEERING A EE 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
926 PEC PE-4 23IBT3304E ENZYME ENGINEERING E EE 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
927 PEC PE-4 23IBT3304R ENZYME ENGINEERING R EE 3 0 2 4 5 9
BO(1) 
Rule:1
928 PEC PE-4 23ABT3406M
DATA ACQUISITION AND 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS FOR 
AGRICULTURE
M DACSA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
929 PEC PE-4 23ABT3304E
IMAGE PROCESSING FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS E IPAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
930 PEC PE-4 23ABT3304R
IMAGE PROCESSING FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS R IPAA 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
931 PEC PE-4 23ACI3404M HEURISTIC ALGORITHMS M HAG 3 0 0 0 3 3
932 PEC PE-4 23IBT3406M FOOD TECHNOLOGY M FT 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
933 PEC PE-4 23CCF3404M 5G MOBILE AND IEEE STANDARDS M 5GMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 111 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 110
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
934 PEC PE-4 23DCS3404M
OPTICAL WIRELESS 
COMMUNICATIONS M PWC 3 0 0 0 3 3
WC(1) 
Rule:1
935 PEC PE-4 23DSB3404M BIG DATA OPTIMIZATION M BDO 3 0 0 0 3 3
936 PEC PE-4 23DSB3407M DATA ANALYTICS ON CLOUD M DAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
937 PEC PE-4 23DSB3408M DIGITAL MEDIA ANALYTICS M DMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
938 PEC PE-4 23SDM3405M DIGITAL MEDIA ANALYTICS M DMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
939 PEC PE-4 23SDM3406M ETHICAL SOCIAL MEDIA M ESM 3 0 0 0 3 3
940 PEC PE-4 23DLA3405M BLOCKCHAIN ANALYTICS M BCA 3 0 0 0 3 3
941 PEC PE-4 23DLA3406M
CRYPTOCURRENCY AND 
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY M CBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
942 PEC PE-4 23CSB3405M DATABASE  SYSTEM AND SECURITY M DSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
943 PEC PE-4 23CSB3406M
PROGRAMMING FOR SMART 
CONTRACTS M PSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
944 PEC PE-4 23CSB3407M CLOUD SECURITY M CS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
945 PEC PE-4 23CNS3404M MICROSERVICES SECURITY M MSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
946 PEC PE-4 23CNS3405M
INFRASTRUCTURE AS CODE 
SECURITY M ISACS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
947 PEC PE-4 23CNS3406M
IDENTITY AND ACCESS 
MANAGEMENT IN CLOUD NATIVE 
ENVIRONMENTS
M IAMCNE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
948 PEC PE-4 23CNS3407M
NETWORK SECURITY IN CLOUD 
NATIVE ARCHITECTURES M NSCNA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
949 PEC PE-4 23BEW3404M
BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORMS AND 
PROTOCOLS M BCPAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
950 PEC PE-4 23BEW3405M BLOCKCHAIN SECURITY M BCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
951 PEC PE-4 23BEW3406M ORACLES AND DATA FEEDS M ODF 3 0 0 0 3 3
952 PEC PE-4 23IMP3404M DATA VISUALIZATION M DV 3 0 0 0 3 3
953 PEC PE-4 23ECF3405M SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES M SPV 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
954 PEC PE-4 23ECF3406M VEHICLE DYNAMICS M VD 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
955 PEC PE-4 23EGD3405M ADVANCED VIBRATIONS M AV 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
956 PEC PE-4 23EGD3406M
MECHANICS OF COMPOSITE 
MATERIALS M MOCM 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
957 PEC PE-4 23EDS3404M CLOUD ARCHITECTURE IN IOT M CAIOT 3 0 0 0 3 3
ESD(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 112 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 111
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
958 PEC PE-4 23CPS3404M
FOUNDATIONS OF HYBRID AND 
EMBEDED SYSTEMS M DVP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
959 PEC PE-4 23IOT3406M DATA VISUALIZATION TECHNIQUES M DVT 3 0 0 0 3 3
960 PEC PE-4 23DSB3406M DIGITAL VIDEO PROCESSING M DVP 3 0 0 0 3 3
961 PEC PE-4 23VLS3404M SYSTEM-ON-CHIP M SOC 3 0 0 0 3 3
962 PEC PE-4 23WRE3405M
URBAN WATER HYDROLOGY AND 
HYDRAULICS M UWHH 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
963 PEC PE-4 23WRE3406M
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 
ASSESSMENT AND LIFE CYCLE 
ANALYSES
M EIALCA 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
964 PEC PE-4 23ILA3406M
DIGITAL MANUFACTURING AND 
DESIGN M DMD 3 0 0 0 3 3
965 PEC PE-4 23ILA3405M
INDUSTRIAL COMMUNICATION 
PROTOCOLS AND CYBER SECURITY M ICPCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
966 PEC PE-4 23STE3405M PRESTRESSED CONCRETE M PC 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
967 PEC PE-4 23STE3406M
PRECAST AND PREFABRICATED 
STRUCTURES M PPS 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
968 PEC PE-4 23EME3405M
INTRODUCTION TO BATTERY-
MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS M IBMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
969 PEC PE-4 23EME3406M
BATTERY STATE ESTIMATION 
ALGORITHMS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLE 
M BSAEV 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
970 PEC PE-4 23SMD3404M SOFTWARE PROJECT MANAGEMENT M SPM 3 0 0 0 3 3
971 PEC PE-4 23SMD3405M
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE & 
DESIGN M SAD 3 0 0 0 3 3
972 PEC PE-4 23DEA3404M
DATA WAREHOUSING AND BUSINESS 
INTELLIGENCE M DWBI 3 0 0 0 3 3
973 PEC PE-4 23CID3406M
HYBRID CLOUD INTEGRATION AND 
MANAGEMENT M HCIM 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
974 PEC PE-4 23CSC3406M
CLOUD COMPUTING FOR SCIENTIFIC 
DISCOVERY M CCFSD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
975 PEC PE-4 23CNE3406M
CLOUD NATIVE SOFTWARE 
ARCHITECTURES M CNSA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
976 PEC PE-4 23RAN3405M
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FOR 
ROBOTICS M AIR 3 0 0 0 3 3
977 PEC PE-4 23RAN3406M
HUMAN MACHINE INTERFACE & 
BRAIN MACHINE INTERFACE M HMIBMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
978 PEC PE-4 23IOT3407M
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
AGRICULTURE M AMLA 3 0 0 0 3 3
979 PEC PE-4 23RFM3404M
RF AND MILLIMETER-WAVE CIRCUIT 
DESIGN M RFMECD 3 0 0 0 3 3
980 PEC PE-4 23ASS3405M EXPERT SYSTEMS M ES 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 113 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 112
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
981 PEC PE-4 23ASS3406M SELF-DRIVING CARS M SDC 3 0 0 0 3 3
982 PEC PE-4 23AEA3405M VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS M VCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
983 PEC PE-4 23AEA3406M
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS M AEES 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
984 PEC PE-4 23SMF3405M
ROBOTICS & INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION M RIA 3 0 0 0 3 3
985 PEC PE-4 23SMF3406M
MECHANICAL MEASUREMENTS AND 
METROLOGY M MMM 3 0 0 0 3 3
986 PEC PE-4 23SGT3405M
SMART GRID COMMUNICATION AND 
CYBERSECURITY M SGCCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
987 PEC PE-4 23SGT3406M SMART METERS AND SMART CITIES M SMSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
988 PEC PE-4 23GTE3405M
URBAN TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS 
PLANNING M UTSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
989 PEC PE-4 23GTE3406M
GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE 
ENGINEERING M BIE 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
990 PEC PE-4 23SCI3404M
SPATIAL AND SOCIAL IMPLICATIONS 
OF IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGIES M SSIIT 3 0 0 0 3 3
991 PEC PE-4 23SCI3405M SPATIAL AUDIO DESIGN FOR GAMES M SADG 3 0 0 0 3 3
992 PEC PE-4 23CPD3406M
META REACT NATIVE 
SPECIALIZATION M MRNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
993 PEC PE-4 23GDU3404M COMPUTER GRAPHICS M CG 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
994 PEC PE-4 23GDU3405M 3D MODELLING & ANIMATION M 3DMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
995 PEC PE-4 23CPD3405M UX DESIGN M UXD 3 0 0 0 3 3
996 PEC PE-4 23MBT3405M CANCER BIOLOGY M CB 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
997 PEC PE-4 23MBT3406M NEUROBIOLOGY M NB 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
998 PEC PE-4 23GEG3405M GENOMICS AND PROTEOMICS M GP 3 0 0 0 3 3
999 PEC PE-4 23GEG3406M DNA FORENSICS M DNF 3 0 0 0 3 3
1000 PEC PE-4 23GET3405M
ENERGY MANAGEMENT AND GREEN 
BUILDING M EMGB 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
1001 PEC PE-4 23GET3406M
HYDROGEN FUEL CELL 
TECHNOLOGY M HFCT 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
1002 PEC PE-4 23ASS3410M
CYBERSECURITY IN AUTONOMUS 
VEHICLE M CAV 3 0 0 0 3 3
1003 PEC PE-5 23ASS3511
AI DRIVEN ECU DESIGN FOR 
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES R AEDATT 2 0 2 0 3 4
1004 PEC PE-5 23GET3507
AI AND IOT FOR GREEN ENERGY 
INTEGRATION R AIGEI 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 114 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 113
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1005 PEC PE-5 23GET3508
POWER ELECTRONICS FOR 
RENEWABLE ENERGY SYSTEMS R PERES 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
1006 PEC PE-5 23GEG3507 MICROBIAL GENETICS R MBG 3 0 0 0 3 3
1007 PEC PE-5 23GEG3508 GENE AND ENVIRONMENT R BI 3 0 0 0 3 3
1008 PEC PE-5 23MBT3507 BIOELECTRONICS & BIOSENSORS R BB 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
1009 PEC PE-5 23MBT3508 TISSUE ENGINEERING R NBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
1010 PEC PE-5 23GDU3506 PRINCIPLES OF GAME DESIGN R PRGD 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
1011 PEC PE-5 23GDU3507
BUSINESS OF GAMES & 
ENTREPRENEURSHIP R BGE 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
1012 PEC PE-5 23CPD3507
ADVANCED MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R AMAD 3 0 0 0 3 3
1013 PEC PE-5 23CPD3508
CROSS PLATFORM USER INTERFACE 
DESIGN R CPED 3 0 0 0 3 3
1014 PEC PE-5 23SCI3506 SPATIAL USER INTERFACE DESIGN R SUID 3 0 0 0 3 3
1015 PEC PE-5 23SCI3507
INTRODUCTION TO SPATIAL 
COMPUTING R ITSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1016 PEC PE-5 23GTE3507
TRAFFIC ENGINEERING AND 
MANAGEMENT R TEM 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
1017 PEC PE-5 23GTE3508
DESIGN OF EARTH RETAINING 
STRUCTURES R DERS 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
1018 PEC PE-5 23SGT3507
INTERNET OF THINGS AND SMART 
GRID ANALYTICS R IOT&SGA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1019 PEC PE-5 23SGT3508 SMART GRID PROTECTION R SGP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1020 PEC PE-5 23SMF3507
MACHINE TO MACHINE 
COMMUNICATION R MMC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1021 PEC PE-5 23SMF3508
FLEXIBLE MANUFACTURING 
SYSTEMS R FMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
1022 PEC PE-5 23AEA3507
SOFT COMPUTING TECHNIQUES 
FOR AUTOMOTIVE APPLICATIONS R SCTAA 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
1023 PEC PE-5 23AEA3508
AUTOMOTIVE NETWORKING AND 
PROTOCOLS R ANP 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
1024 PEC PE-5 23ASS3507
LOCALIZATION & PROGRAMMING 
REAL-TIME AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS R LPRAS 3 0 0 0 3 3
1025 PEC PE-5 23ASS3508
REINFORCEMENT LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEM R RLA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1026 PEC PE-5 23RFM3505 SATELLITE DESIGN R SD 3 0 0 0 3 3
1027 PEC PE-5 23RAN3507 COMPUTER VISION & APPLICATIONS R CVA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1028 PEC PE-5 23CNE3508
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
VIRTUALIZATION R CIAV 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 115 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 114
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1029 PEC PE-5 23CSC3508
PARALLEL COMPUTING FOR 
SCIENTISTS USING CLOUD 
PLATFORMS
R PCSCP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1030 PEC PE-5 23CSC3507
CLOUD-BASED SCALABLE 
COMPUTING AND BIG DATA 
ANALYTICS
R CSCBD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1031 PEC PE-5 23CID3508
CLOUD DATA MANAGEMENT AND 
STORAGE SOLUTIONS R CDMSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1032 PEC PE-5 23DEA3505R
MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEERING 
FOR BIG DATA R MLEBD 3 0 0 0 3 3
1033 PEC PE-5 23SMD3506 SOFTWARE RELIABILITY R SR 3 0 0 0 3 3
1034 PEC PE-5 23SMD3507
CROSS-PLATFORM USER INTERFACE 
DESIGN R CPUIF 3 0 0 0 3 3
1035 PEC PE-5 23EME3507 AI AND IOT FOR ELECTRIC VEHICLE R AIEV 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
1036 PEC PE-5 23EME3508 EV SYSTEM AND WIRING DESIGN R ESWS 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
1037 PEC PE-5 23STE3507 PRE ENGINEERING STRUCTURES R PES 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
1038 PEC PE-5 23STE3508
ADVANCED DESIGN OF REINFORCED 
CONCRETE STRUCTURES R ADRCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
1039 PEC PE-5 23ILA3507
SMART SENSORS AND SENSOR 
NETWORKING R SSSN 3 0 0 0 3 3
1040 PEC PE-5 23WRE3507
PHYSICO-CHEMICAL PROCESSES 
FOR WATER AND WASTEWATER 
TREATMENT 
R PCPWWT 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
1041 PEC PE-5 23WRE3508
SUSTAINABLE ENGINEERING AND 
TECHNOLOGY R SET 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
1042 PEC PE-5 23VLS3505 MIXED SIGNAL IC DESIGN R MSID 3 0 0 0 3 3
1043 PEC PE-5 23IOT3508 BIG DATA ANALYTICS R BDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1044 PEC PE-5 23CPS3505
CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT 
ENGINEERS R CCIOTE 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1045 PEC PE-5 23CPS3506 WIRELESS SENSOR NETWORKS R WSN 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1046 PEC PE-5 23CPS3507 EDGE COMPUTING R EC 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1047 PEC PE-5 23HDA3510
GENOMIC DATA SCIENCE & 
CLUSTERING R GDSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1048 PEC PE-5 23EDS3505
EDGE COMPUTING & DATA 
ANALYTICS IN IOT R ECDAI 3 0 0 0 3 3
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
1049 PEC PE-5 23ILA3508 PLC PROGRAMMING & CONTROL R PLCPC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1050 PEC PE-5 23EGD3507
ADVANCED STRENGTH OF 
MATERIALS R ASM 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 116 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 115
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1051 PEC PE-5 23EGD3508
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN R HEVD 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
1052 PEC PE-5 23ECF3507
THERMAL MANAGEMENT OF 
ELECTRIC AND ELECTRONIC 
SYSTEMS
R TMEES 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
1053 PEC PE-5 23ECF3508
ALTERNATE ENERGY SOURCES FOR 
AUTOMOBILES R AESFA 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
1054 PEC PE-5 23IMP3505 MULTI MEDIA PROCESSING R MMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1055 PEC PE-5 23IMP3506
INTRODUCTION TO QUANTUM 
COMPUTING R MMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1056 PEC PE-5 23BEW3507
BLOCKCHAIN SCALABILITY AND 
LAYER 2 SOLUTIONS R BCSALS 3 0 0 0 3 3
1057 PEC PE-5 23BEW3508
REGULATORY LANDSCAPE AND 
COMPLIANCE R RLAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1058 PEC PE-5 23BEW3509
FUTURE TRENDS IN BLOCKCHAIN 
AND WEB3 R FTBCAW 3 0 0 0 3 3
1059 PEC PE-5 23CNS3508
MONITORING AND LOGGING FOR 
CLOUD NATIVE SECURITY R MLCNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1060 PEC PE-5 23CNS3509
COMPLIANCE AND GOVERNANCE IN 
CLOUD NATIVE ENVIRONMENTS R CGCNE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1061 PEC PE-5 23CNS3510 SERVERLESS SECURITY R SLSY 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1062 PEC PE-5 23CNS3511
CLOUD NATIVE SECURITY TOOLS 
AND SOLUTIONS R CNSTAS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1063 PEC PE-5 23CNS3512
FUTURE TRENDS IN CLOUD NATIVE 
SECURITY R FTCNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1064 PEC PE-5 23CSB3508 SECURE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING R SSE 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1065 PEC PE-5 23CSB3509 WEB SECURITY R WS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1066 PEC PE-5 23CSB3510
SECURITY GOVERNANCE & 
MANAGEMENT R SGM 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1067 PEC PE-5 23DLA3507
DISTRIBUTED LEDGER 
ARCHITECTURE FOR AUTOMATION R DLAA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1068 PEC PE-5 23DLA3508
PERMISSIONED DISTRIBUTED 
LEDGER R PDL 3 0 0 0 3 3
1069 PEC PE-5 23SDM3507
INTELLIGENT SOCIAL MEDIA 
MONITORING SYSTEMS R ISMMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
1070 PEC PE-5 23DSB3509 ADVANCED DATABASES R AD 3 0 0 0 3 3
1071 PEC PE-5 23DSB3510 BUSINESS ANALYTICS R BA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1072 PEC PE-5 23DSB3511 GRAPH & WEB ANALYTICS R GWA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1073 PEC PE-5 23DSB3512 DATA GOVERNANCE ON CLOUD R DGC 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 117 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 116
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1074 PEC PE-5 23DCS3505
MACHINE LEARNING FOR WIRELESS 
COMMUNICATION R MLWC 3 0 0 0 3 3
WC(1) 
Rule:1
1075 PEC PE-5 23CCF3505
IP MULTIMEDIA SUB-SYSTEM & 
EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES R IMSET 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
1076 PEC PE-5 23CCF3506
IT SECURITY: DEFENCE AGAINST 
THE DIGITAL DARK ARTS R IMSET 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
1077 PEC PE-5 23IBT3507 MICROBIAL TECHNOLOGY R MBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
1078 PEC PE-5 23IBT3508 METABOLIC ENGINEERING R MBE 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
1079 PEC PE-5 23ACI3405M
SWARM INTELLIGENCE 
APPROCAHES M SIA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1080 PEC PE-5 23ACI3506 DATA MANIPULATION R DMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1081 PEC PE-5 23ACI3507 REINFORCEMENT LEARNING R RLG 3 0 0 0 3 3
1082 PEC PE-5 23ACI3508 EVOLUTIONARY COMPUTATION R ECP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1083 PEC PE-5 23ABT3405M BIOINSTRUMENTATION M BIM 4 0 0 0 4 4
GN(1) 
Rule:1
1084 PEC PE-5 23ABT3507
MICROFLUIDICS FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS R MAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
1085 PEC PE-5 23ABT3508
BIOINFORMATICS FOR 
AGRICULTURE R BIA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
1086 PEC PE-5 23IBT3405M
BIOPROCESS VALIDATION AND 
CGMP M BVcGMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
1087 PEC PE-5 23AIP3509 COMPUTATIONAL EPIDEMIOLOGY R CE 3 0 0 0 3 3
1088 PEC PE-5 23AIP3510 NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING R NLP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1089 PEC PE-5 23AIP3511 SPEECH PROCESSING R SP 2 0 2 0 3 4
1090 PEC PE-5 23AIP3512
DESIGN & MANAGEMENT OF 
DISTRIBUTED APPLICATIONS FOR AI 
ON CLOUD
R DMDAAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1091 PEC PE-5 23AIP3513
ARCHITECTING DEEP LEARNING 
WORKLOADS ON CLOUD R ADLWC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1092 PEC PE-5 23ADE3506
EDGE AI DEVELOPMENT 
FRAMEWORKS AND TOOLS R EAIDFT 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1093 PEC PE-5 23ADE3507
EDGE AI ANALYTICS AND DATA 
MANAGEMENT R EAIADM 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1094 PEC PE-5 23ADE3508 EDGE AI AND SUSTAINABILITY R EAIAS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1095 PEC PE-5 23ALT3506
LANGUAGE UNDERSTANDING WITH 
PRE-TRAINED MODELS R LUWPTM 3 0 0 0 3 3
1096 PEC PE-5 23ALT3507
LARGE LANGUAGE MODEL FOR 
SPEECH PROCESSING R LLMFSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
1097 PEC PE-5 23AVI3506 HUMAN COMPUTER INTERACTION R HCI 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 118 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 117
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1098 PEC PE-5 23AVI3507 OBJECT LOCALIZATION R OL 3 0 0 0 3 3
1099 PEC PE-5 23AVI3508
ADVANCED IMAGE PROCESSING AND 
ANALYSIS R AIPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
1100 PEC PE-5 23HSS3507
SIDE-CHANNEL ATTACKS AND 
COUNTERMEASURES R SCACM 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1101 PEC PE-5 23HSS3508
FORMAL METHODS FOR HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE SECURITY R FMHSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1102 PEC PE-5 23HSS3509
TRUSTED PLATFORM MODULES AND 
SECURE ELEMENTS R TPMASE 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1103 PEC PE-5 23HSS3510
SECURE COMMUNICATION 
PROTOCOLS AND APIS R SCPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1104 PEC PE-5 23HSS3511 HARDWARE-SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN R HSCCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1105 PEC PE-5 23HSS3512
FUTURE TRENDS IN HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN FOR 
SECURITY
R FTHSCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
1106 PEC PE-5 23CTM3507
QUALITY AND SAFETY IN 
CONSTRUCTION R QSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1107 PEC PE-5 23CTM3508 GREEN BUILDING R GB 3 0 0 0 3 3
1108 PEC PE-5 23CEC3510 EDGE COMPUTING R EC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1109 PEC PE-5 23CEC3511 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING R HPC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1110 PEC PE-5 23CEC3512
DESIGN OF DISTRIBUTED 
APPLICATIONS ON CLOUD (DDA) R DDAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
1111 PEC PE-5 23CEC3513 CLOUD NETWORKING R CN 3 0 0 0 3 3
1112 PEC PE-5 23CID3507 CLOUD ENGINEERING R CE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1113 PEC PE-5 23CNE3507
CLOUD NATIVE NETWORKING AND 
STORAGE SYSTEMS R CNNSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
1114 PEC PE-5 23HDA3509
MOLECULAR MODELING AND DRUG 
DESIGN R MMDD 3 0 0 0 3 3
1115 PEC PE-5 23BMI3505 BIOSENSING AND BIOELECTRONICS R BSBE 3 0 0 0 3 3
1116 PEC PE-5 23BIS3507 SYSTEMS BIOLOGY R SSB 3 0 0 0 3 3
1117 PEC PE-5 23BIS3508
DATABASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
FOR BIOLOGIST R DBMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
1118 PEC PE-5 23HDA3511
EPI GENETIC CONTROL OF GENE 
EXPRESSION R ECBI 3 0 0 0 3 3
1119 PEC PE-5 23SDM3508 SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION R SEO 3 0 0 0 3 3
1120 PRI 23IE2040 SOCIAL INTERNSHIP R SIP 0 0 0 4 0 4
1121 PRI 23IE3041 TECHNICAL INTERNSHIP R TIP 0 0 0 4 0 4
1122 PRI 23IE4053A CAPSTONE PROJECT - 1 A CP-1 0 0 10 20 10 30

=== PAGE 119 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 118
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1123 PRI 23IE4053R CAPSTONE PROJECT - 1 R CP-1 0 0 8 16 8 24
1124 PRI 23IE4054A CAPSTONE PROJECT - 2 A CP-2 0 0 10 20 10 30
1125 PRI 23IE4054R CAPSTONE PROJECT - 2 R CP-2 0 0 8 16 8 24
1126 PRI PRI-CORE 23IE4042 INDUSTRIAL INTERNSHIP R IIP 0 0 8 16 8 24
1127 OEC 23OECE05 DISASTER MANAGEMENT R RSGIS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1128 OEC 23OEEC06 INTRODUCTION TO MEMS R IMEMS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1129 OEC 23OEEC12 NANO ELECTRONICS R NEN 4 0 0 0 4 4
1130 OEC 23OECE02
ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION 
CONTROL METHODS R EPCM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1131 OEC 23OECE03
SOLID AND HAZARDOUS WASTE 
MANAGEMENT R SHWM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1132 OEC 23OECE04 REMOTE SENSING & GIS R RSGIS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1133 OEC 23OECE06M
EXPLORING OUR RESPONSES TO 
CLIMATE CHANGE M EORCC 4 0 0 0 4 4
1134 OEC 23OECE08M
GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 
SYSTEMS M GIS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1135 OEC 23OEME01M ROBOTICS M RBT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1136 OEC 23OEME01 ROBOTICS R RBT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1137 OEC 23OEME02 MECHATRONICS R MCT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1138 OEC 23OEME03M OPERATIONS RESEARCH M ORS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1139 OEC 23OEME03 OPERATIONS RESEARCH R ORS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1140 OEC 23OEBT04 BIOLOGY FOR ENGINEERS R BFE 4 0 0 0 4 4
1141 OEC 23OEEC08 ELECTRONIC WARFARE, EMI & EMC R EWEE 4 0 0 0 4 4
1142 OEC 23OEEE01 RENEWABLE ENERGY RESOURCES R RER 4 0 0 0 4 4
1143 OEC 23OEEE02 ENERGY ESTIMATION & AUDIT R EEA 4 0 0 0 4 4
1144 OEC 23OEEE05M SELF-DRIVING CARS M SDC 4 0 0 0 4 4
1145 OEC 23OEEE06M
ENERGY PRODUCTION, 
DISTRIBUTION & SAFETY M EPD&S 4 0 0 0 4 4
1146 OEC 23OECE07M CONSTRUCTION MANAGEMENT M CMT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1147 OEC 23OEEC04 SATELLITE SUB-SYSTEMS R SSS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1148 OEC 23OEEC05
ML FOR ENGINEERING AND 
SCIENTIFIC APPLICATIONS R MLESA 4 0 0 0 4 4
1149 OEC 23OEEC11 IMAGE PROCESSING R IMP 4 0 0 0 4 4
1150 OEC 23OEEC07
ENERGY HARVESTING 
TECHNOLOGIES FOR IOT R EHTI 4 0 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 120 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 119
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1151 OEC 23OEIN01 FUNDAMENTALS OF IOT R FIOT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1152 OEC OE-1 23IN2101R IOT SYSTEM DESIGN R IOTPA 3 0 2 0 4 5
1153 OEC OE-1 23ME2106R MECHANICS OF SOLIDS R MOS 3 0 2 0 4 5
1154 OEC OE-1 23OEEC03 DATA SCIENCE: DL AND NN R DSAINN 4 0 0 0 4 4
1155 OEC OE-1 23OEEC01 WIRELESS AD-HOC NETWORKS R WAHN 4 0 0 0 4 4
1156 OEC OE-1 23EC2105R
SIGNALS & COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEMS R SCS 3 0 2 0 4 5
1157 OEC OE-1 23OEGN04 NATIONAL SERVICE SCHEME-1 R NSS1 3 0 2 0 4 5
1158 OEC OE-1 23BT2209R
BIOCHEMICAL REACTION 
ENGINEERING R BCRE 3 0 2 0 4 5
1159 OEC OE-1 23OEGN01 NATIONAL CADET CORPS - 1 R NCC1 3 0 2 0 4 5
1160 OEC OE-1 23OEBT01 IPR AND PATENT LAWS R IPR 4 0 0 0 4 4
1161 OEC OE-1 23OEEE03 ELECTRICAL POWER ENGINEERING R EPE 4 0 0 0 4 4
1162 OEC OE-1 23CE2208R GEOTECHNICAL ENGINEERING R GTE 3 0 2 0 4 5
1163 OEC OE-1 23OEEC02
SWAM ROBOTICS CONTROL 
SYSTEMS R SRCS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1164 OEC OE-1 23ACCABT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY R BT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1165 OEC OE-1 22FT2212R PROCESSING OF AQUATIC FOODS R PAF 3 0 2 0 4 5
1166 OEC OE-1 23OEDT01
INNOVATIVE PRODUCT 
DEVELOPMENT FOR 
ENTREPRENEURS
R IPDFE 4 0 0 0 4 4
1167 OEC OE-2 23OEDT02
STRATEGIC FINANCIAL AND 
MARKETING PLANNING FOR 
ENTREPRENEURS
R SFMPE 4 0 0 0 4 4
1168 OEC OE-2 23ACCAFA FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING R FA 3 2 0 0 5 5
1169 OEC OE-2 23EE2207R CONTROL SYSTEMS R CS 3 0 2 0 4 5
1170 OEC OE-2 22FT22C1R
FOOD ANALYSIS AND QUALITY 
ASSURANCE R FAQA 3 0 2 0 4 5
1171 OEC OE-2 23CE2209R TRANSPORTATION ENGINEERING R TPE 3 0 2 0 4 5
1172 OEC OE-2 23BT3212
PLANT AND ANIMAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY R PABT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1173 OEC OE-2 23OEBT02 BIOMATERIALS R BIM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1174 OEC OE-2 23OEGN02 NATIONAL CADET CORPS - 2 R NCC2 3 0 2 0 4 5
1175 OEC OE-2 23OEGN05 NATIONAL SERVICE SCHEME-2 R NSS2 3 0 2 0 4 5
1176 OEC OE-2 23EC2208R DIGITAL COMMUNICATION R DC 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 121 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 120
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1177 OEC OE-2 23ME2116
FLUID MECHANICS & HYDRAULIC 
MACHINES R FMHM 3 0 2 0 4 5
1178 OEC OE-2 23IN2102
ELECTRONIC DEVICES AND 
INTEGRATED CIRCUITS R EDAIC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1179 OEC OE-2 23OEAD02 DATA SCIENCE AND VISUALIZATION R DSV 4 0 0 0 4 4
1180 OEC OE-3 23EC3112R DISCRETE TIME SIGNAL PROCESSING R DTSP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1181 OEC OE-3 23IN2203 WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES FOR IOT R WTIOT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1182 OEC OE-3 23OEGN06 NATIONAL SERVICE SCHEME-3 R NSS3 3 0 2 0 4 5
1183 OEC OE-3 23OEGN03 NATIONAL CADET CORPS - 3 R NCC3 3 0 2 0 4 5
1184 OEC OE-3 23OEBT03 ENVIRONMENTAL BIOTECHNOLOGY R EBT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1185 OEC OE-3 23BT3213R DOWNSTREAM PROCESSING R DSP 2 0 4 0 4 6
1186 OEC OE-3 23EE2205R POWER ELECTRONICS R PES 3 0 2 0 4 5
1187 OEC OE-3 22FT3215R
TECHNOLOGY OF MEAT AND 
POULTRY R TMP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1188 OEC OE-3 23CE3109 ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING R EVE 3 0 2 0 4 5
1189 OEC OE-3 23ACCAMA MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTING R MA 3 2 0 0 5 5
1190 OEC OE-3 23ME2208 MANUFACTURING PROCESSES R MP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1191 OEC OE-3 23OEDT03
LEADERSHIP IN ENTREPRENEURIAL 
VENTURES R LEV 4 0 0 0 4 4
1192 VAC VAC- 23SP2101 ATHLETICS R ATH 0 0 0 2 0 2
1193 VAC VAC- 23SP2103 BADMINTON R BMT 0 0 0 2 0 2
1194 VAC VAC- 23SP2102 BASKETBALL R BKB 0 0 0 2 0 2
1195 VAC VAC- 23SP2105 CHESS R CHS 0 0 0 2 0 2
1196 VAC VAC- 23SP2104 CRICKET R CRKT 0 0 0 2 0 2
1197 VAC VAC- 23SP2108 KABADDI R KBD 0 0 0 2 0 2
1198 VAC VAC- 23SP2109 KHO-KHO R KHO 0 0 0 2 0 2
1199 VAC VAC- 23SP2111 TABLE TENNIS R TTS 0 0 0 2 0 2
1200 VAC VAC- 23SP2110 TENNIS R TNS 0 0 0 2 0 2
1201 VAC VAC- 23SP2113 THROW BALL R THB 0 0 0 2 0 2
1202 VAC VAC- 23SP2114 VOLLEYBALL R VOB 0 0 0 2 0 2
1203 VAC VAC- 23SP2116 YOGA R YOG 0 0 0 2 0 2
1204 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3010
AWS CERTIFIED CLOUD 
PRACTITIONER R
AWS-
CCP 0 0 0 8 0 0

=== PAGE 122 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 121
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1205 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3033
GOOGLE : ASSOCIATE CLOUD 
ENGINEER R GACE 0 0 0 8 0 0
1206 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3035
GOOGLE TENSORFLOW DEVELOPER 
CERTIFICATE R GTFDC 0 0 0 8 0 0
1207 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3045
MICROSOFT CERTIFIED : AZURE 
DEVELOPER ASSOCIATE R
MC-
ADA 0 0 0 8 0 0
1208 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3048
MICROSOFT CERTIFIED: AZURE 
DATA ENGINEER ASSOCIATE R
MC-
ADEA 0 0 0 8 0 0
1209 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3050
MICROSOFT CERTIFIED: AZURE 
FUNDAMENTALS R MC-AF 0 0 0 8 0 0
1210 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3060
PCAP - CERTIFIED ASSOCIATE IN 
PYTHON PROGRAMMING R PCAP 0 0 0 8 0 0
1211 VAC VAC-CERT 23CC3087 TABLEAU CERTIFIED DATA ANALYST R TAB- 0 0 0 8 0 0
1212 AUC AUC-CORE 22UC0009 ECOLOGY AND ENVIRONMENT R E&E 2 0 0 0 0 2
1213 AUC AUC-CORE 23UC0013
GLOBAL LOGIC BUILDING CONTEST 
PRACTICUM R GLBCP 0 0 0 2 0 2
1214 AUC AUC-CORE 23UC0014
GLOBAL LOGIC BUILDING CONTEST 
PRACTICUM R GLBCP 0 0 0 2 0 2
1215 AUC AUC-CORE 23UC0017
INDIAN KNOWLEDGE SYSTEMS: 
VEDIC MATHEMATICS R IKSVM 0 0 0 2 0 2
1216 AUC AUC-CORE 23UC0018 FUNDAMENTALS OF MATHEMATICS R FOM 3 0 0 0 0 3
1217 AUC AUC-CORE 23UC0008 INDIAN CONSTITUTION R IC 2 0 0 0 0 2
1218 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTCODL2V2
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: CODING 
SKILLS TRAINING - DATA 
STRUCTURES 
R
CRT: 
CST-DS 0 0 0 8 0 8
1219 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTCODL3V3
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: CODING 
SKILLS TRAINING - ALGORITHMS R
CRT: 
CST- 0 0 0 8 0 8
1220 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTVQRL1V1
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: VERBAL 
APTITUDE TRAINING R
CRT: 
VAT 0 0 0 8 0 8
1221 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTVQRL2V2
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: 
QUANTITATIVE APTITUDE TRAINING R
CRT: 
QAT 0 0 0 8 0 8
1222 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTVQRL3V3
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: 
REASONING APTITUDE TRAINING R
CRT: 
RAT 0 0 0 8 0 8
1223 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTCSSL1V1
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: 
COMMUNICATION SKILLS TRAINING R
CRT: 
CST 0 0 0 8 0 8
1224 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTCSSL2V2
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: SOFT 
SKILLS TRAINING R
CRT: 
SST 0 0 0 8 0 8
1225 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTTOLL1V1
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: TOOL 
BASED TRAINING R
CRT: 
TBT 0 0 0 8 0 8
1226 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTTOLL2V2
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: TOOL 
BASED TRAINING R
CRT: 
TBT 0 0 0 8 0 8
1227 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTINDL1V1
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: INDUSTRY-
SPECIFIC TRAINING R
CRT: 
IST 0 0 0 8 0 8

=== PAGE 123 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 122
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1228 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTINDL2V2
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: INDUSTRY-
SPECIFIC TRAINING R
CRT: 
IST 0 0 0 8 0 8
1229 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADCORL1V1
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: TRAINING 
IN CORE DOMAIN R
CAD: 
TICD 0 0 0 8 0 8
1230 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADCORL2V2
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: TRAINING 
IN CORE DOMAIN R
CAD: 
TICD 0 0 0 8 0 8
1231 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADUPSL1V1
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: UPSC-CIVIL 
SERVICES EXAM TRAINING R
CAD: 
UPSC 0 0 0 8 0 8
1232 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADUPSL2V2
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: UPSC-CIVIL 
SERVICES EXAM TRAINING R
CAD: 
UPSC 0 0 0 8 0 8
1233 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADGATL1V1
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: GATE 
TRAINING R
CAD: 
GATE 0 0 0 8 0 8
1234 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADGREL1V1
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: GRE, 
TOEFL & IELTS TRAINING R
CAD: 
GRE- 0 0 0 8 0 8
1235 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADCATL1V1
CAREER ADVANCEMENT: CAT, 
GMAT TRAINING R
CAD: 
CAT- 0 0 0 8 0 8
1236 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CADENTL1V1
CAREER 
ADVANCEMENT:ENTREPRENEURIAL 
CAREER PATHWAY TRAINING
R
CAD: 
ECPT 0 0 0 8 0 8
1237 AUC
AUC-
CAREER CRTCODL1V1
CAMPUS RECRUITMENT: LOGIC 
BUILDING SKILLS TRAINING R
CRT: 
LBST 0 0 0 8 0 8
1238 SIL SIL-CORE 22UC0021 SOCIAL IMMERSIVE LEARNING R SIL-1 0 0 0 4 1 4
1239 SIL SIL-CORE 22UC0022 SOCIAL IMMERSIVE LEARNING R SIL-2 0 0 0 4 1 4
1240 SIL SIL-CORE 22UC0023 SOCIAL IMMERSIVE LEARNING R SIL-3 0 0 0 4 1 4
1241 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA01 FUNDAMENTALS OF AGRONOMY R FOA 3 0 2 0 4 5
1242 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA02
INTRODUCTORY 
AGROMETEOROLOGY AND CLIMATE 
CHANGE
R IACC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1243 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA03
GEOINFORMATICS AND 
NANOTECHNOLOGY FOR PRECISION 
FARMING
R GNPF 3 0 2 0 4 5
1244 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA04
PROTECTED CULTIVATION AND 
POST-HARVEST TECHNOLOGIES R PCPHT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1245 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP01M
INTRODUCTION TO 
ANTHROPOLOGY M ITA 4 0 0 0 4 4
1246 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP02M CULTURAL EVOLUTION M CET 4 0 0 0 4 4
1247 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP03M
HUMAN ECOLOGY AND ECOLOGICAL 
ANTHROPOLOGY M HEEA 4 0 0 0 4 4
1248 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP04M
FUNDAMENTALS IN 
ARCHEOLOGICAL ANTHROPOLOGY 
CHRONOLOGY
M FAAC 4 0 0 0 4 4
1249 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRWS02
SOIL AND WATER CONSERVATION 
ENGINEERING R SWCE 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 124 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 123
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1250 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRWS03 IRRIGATION WATER MANAGEMENT R IWM 3 0 2 0 4 5
1251 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRWS04
RAINFED AGRICULTURE AND 
WATERSHED MANAGEMENT R RAWM 3 0 2 0 4 5
1252 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID01
INTRODUCTION TO INTERIOR 
DESIGN R IID 3 0 2 0 4 5
1253 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID02 SPACE PLANNING AND LAYOUT R SPL 3 0 2 0 4 5
1254 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID03 INTERIOR MATERIAL AND FINISHES R IMF 3 0 2 0 4 5
1255 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID04
FURNITURE AND ACCESSORIES 
DESIGN R FAD 3 0 2 0 4 5
1256 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR01
FUNDAMENTALS OF MACRO-
ECONOMICS R FME 4 0 0 0 4 4
1257 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR02 BASICS OF ECONOMETRICS R BOE 4 0 0 0 4 4
1258 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR03
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS: 
THEORIES AND CONCEPTS R IRTC 4 0 0 0 4 4
1259 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR04
BEHAVIOURAL ECONOMICS AND 
POLICY R BEP 4 0 0 0 4 4
1260 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT01
INTRODUCTION TO FOOD SCIENCE 
AND TECHNOLOGY R IFST 3 0 2 0 4 5
1261 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT02
FOOD ANALYSIS AND QUALITY 
ASSURANCE R FAQA 3 0 2 0 4 5
1262 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT03 FOOD SAFETY AND REGULATIONS R FSR 3 1 0 0 4 4
1263 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT04 FOOD ENGINEERING R FEG 3 0 2 0 4 5
1264 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA01M ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR M OBR 4 0 0 0 4 4
1265 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA02M MARKETING MANAGEMENT M MMG 4 0 0 0 4 4
1266 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA03M FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT M FMG 4 0 0 0 4 4
1267 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA04M HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT M HRM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1268 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC01M AI FOR BUSINESS STRATEGY M ABS 4 0 0 0 4 4
1269 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC02M AI STRATEGY AND GOVERNANCE M ASG 4 0 0 0 4 4
1270 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC03M
SUCCESSFUL AI STRATEGIES : A 
CEO'S PERSPECTIVES M SAI 4 0 0 0 4 4
1271 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC04M
CRAFTING A COMPETITIVE 
ADVANTAGE M CCA 4 0 0 0 4 4
1272 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG01 INTRODUCTION TO GAME MATH R IGM 0 0 6 4 4 10
1273 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG02 DRAWING BASICS R DBS 0 0 6 4 4 10
1274 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG03 GRAPHIC DESIGN R GDS 0 0 6 4 4 10
1275 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG04 CONCEPTS OF 3D R C3D 0 0 6 4 4 10
1276 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFM01 FILM AESTHETICS R FAS 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 125 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 124
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1277 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFM02 SCREEN WRITING R SWT 0 0 6 4 4 10
1278 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFM04 SOUND DESIGN R SDS 0 0 6 4 4 10
1279 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD01
INTRODUCTION TO GRAPHIC 
DESIGN R IGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
1280 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD02 TYPOGRAPHY R TPY 0 0 6 4 4 10
1281 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD03 VISUAL IDENTITY AND BRANDING R VIB 0 0 6 4 4 10
1282 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD04 PRINT DESIGN R PRDG 0 0 6 4 4 10
1283 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM01 LINEAR ALGEBRA R LAG 2 2 0 0 4 4
1284 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM02 ADVANCED NUMERICAL ANALYSIS R ANA 2 2 0 0 4 4
1285 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM03 MATHEMATICAL MODELLING R MML 3 0 2 0 4 5
1286 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM04
STOCHASTIC PROCESSES & 
OPTIMIZATION R SPO 2 2 0 0 4 4
1287 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM05
FUZZY MATHEMATICS AND ITS 
APPLICATIONS R FMAA 2 2 0 0 4 4
1288 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY01 BASICS OF PHARMACOLOGY R BOP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1289 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY02 ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY - I R AP-I 3 0 2 0 4 5
1290 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY03 EXPERIMENTAL PHARMACOLOGY R EPC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1291 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY04 ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY - II R AP-II 3 0 2 0 4 5
1292 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA01 INTRODUCTION TO CREATIVE ARTS R ICA 0 0 6 4 4 10
1293 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA02 DRAWING AND SKETCHING R DAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
1294 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA03 PAINTING R PNT 0 0 6 4 4 10
1295 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA04 CREATIVE WRITING R CWT 0 0 6 4 4 10
1296 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM01M
FUNDAMENTALS OF DIGITAL 
MARKETING M FDM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1297 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM02M SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING M SMM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1298 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM03M SERACH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION M SEO 4 0 0 0 4 4
1299 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM04M
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN 
MARKETING M AIM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1300 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA01M
FOUNDATIONS AND APPLICATIONS 
OF FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY M AFT 4 0 0 0 4 4
1301 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA02M
DECENTRALISED FINANCE: THE 
FUTURE OF FINANCE M DFFF 4 0 0 0 4 4
1302 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA03M FINTECH INNOVATIONS M FIV 4 0 0 0 4 4
1303 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA04M
USING MACHINE LEARNING IN 
TRADING AND FINANCE M ML 4 0 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 126 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 125
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1304 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB01M
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
ESSENTIALS M IBET 4 0 0 0 4 4
1305 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB02M
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
ENVIRONMENT M IBEV 4 0 0 0 4 4
1306 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB03M
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS M IBO 4 0 0 0 4 4
1307 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB04M INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MODELS M IBM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1308 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB01M ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR M POM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1309 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB02M
ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR 
MODELS M OBM 4 0 0 0 4 4
1310 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB03M
ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGE AND 
DEVELOPMENT M OCD 4 0 0 0 4 4
1311 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB04M LEADERSHIP IN ORGANIZATION M LIO 4 0 0 0 4 4
1312 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM01 APPLIED DESIGN THINKING R ADT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1313 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM02 BUSINESS MODEL INNOVATION R BMI 3 0 2 0 4 5
1314 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM03 VENTURE MANAGEMENT R VMT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1315 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM04 BUSINESS AND LEADERSHIP R BL 3 0 2 0 4 5
1316 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP01
INTRODUCTION TO 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
ENTREPRENEURSHIP
R ITEP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1317 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP02 LEAN STARTUP LAUNCHPAD R LSLP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1318 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP03
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND VENTURE 
CAPITAL R EVC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1319 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP04
BUILDING AND SUSTAINING A 
SUCCESSFUL ENTERPRISE R BSSE 3 0 2 0 4 5
1320 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL01
PRINCIPLES OF COMPANIES ACT 
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE R PCACG 3 0 2 0 4 5
1321 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL02
MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND 
PRIVATE EQUITY R MAPE 3 0 2 0 4 5
1322 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL03
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY 
LAW R IBL 3 0 2 0 4 5
1323 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL04 COMPETITION LAW AND PRACTICE R CLP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1324 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP01
EMERGENCE AND DEVELOPMENT OF 
IPR R EDIPR 3 0 2 0 4 5
1325 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP02 LAW OF COPYRIGHT R LOCR 3 0 2 0 4 5
1326 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP03 LAW OF PATENTS R LOPS 3 0 2 0 4 5
1327 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP04 LAW OF TRADEMARK R LOTM 3 0 2 0 4 5
1328 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRIP05
LAW OF DESIGNS, GEOGRAPHICAL 
INDICATIONS AND PLANT VARIETIES R LODGP 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 127 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 126
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1329 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCL05 COMMERCIAL CONTRACT DRAFTING R CCD 0 0 6 4 4 10
1330 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRTP05
TECH INNOVATION PROJECT FOR 
ENTREPRENEURS R TIPFE 0 0 6 4 4 10
1331 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRIM05
PROJECT INNOVATE: STRATEGIES 
FOR ENTREPRENEURIAL GROWTH R PISEG 0 0 6 4 4 10
1332 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MROB05
TEAM BUIDLING AND 
COLLABORATION SKILLS FOR 
MANAGERS
M TBCM 0 0 6 4 4 10
1333 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRIB05
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS FOR 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS M PIB 0 0 6 4 4 10
1334 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRFA05 TRADING ALGORITHMNS M TA 0 0 6 4 4 10
1335 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRDM05 CONTENT MARKETING M CM 0 0 6 4 4 10
1336 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCA05 SCULPTURE R SCP 0 0 6 4 4 10
1337 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRPY05 PRACTICAL PHARMACOLOGY R PRI 0 0 6 4 4 10
1338 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCM06
TRANSFORM TECHNIQUES FOR 
ENGINEERING R TTE 2 0 2 4 4 8
1339 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCM07 STATISTICS WITH R PROGRAMMING R SWRP 2 0 2 4 4 8
1340 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCM08 MATRIX COMPUTATION R MCT 2 0 2 4 4 8
1341 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRGD05 PUBLICATION DESIGN R PUDG 0 0 6 4 4 10
1342 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRFM05 DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY R DPG 0 0 6 4 4 10
1343 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAG05 DIGITAL ART R DTA 0 0 6 4 4 10
1344 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRBA05M
LOGISTICS AND SUPPLY CHAIN 
MANAGEMENT M LSCM 0 0 6 4 4 10
1345 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAC05
AI APPLICATIONS FOR BUSINESS 
SUCCESS M AIA 0 0 6 4 4 10
1346 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRFT05 FOOD PACKAGING TECHNOLOGY R FPT 2 0 2 4 4 8
1347 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAR05
SOCIAL GEOGRAPHY AND 
CARTOGRAPHY R SGC 0 0 6 4 4 10
1348 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRID05
DESIGN PRESENTATION AND 
COMMUNICATION R DPC 0 0 6 4 4 10
1349 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAP05 SOCIAL CULTURE ANTHROPOLOGY M SCA 0 0 6 4 4 10
1350 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRPA05
MODERN FARMING TECHNIQUES 
AND INNOVATIONS R AELP 0 0 6 4 4 10
1351 SMFC SMFC- 23ACCAPM PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT R PM 3 2 0 0 5 5
1352 SMFC SMFC- 22CM1206 ADVANCED COST ACCOUNTING R ACA 3 2 0 0 5 5
1353 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22CM31B5
ACCOUNTING & REPORTING 
STANDARDS R ARS 3 2 0 0 5 5
1354 SMFC SMFC- 23ACCATX TAXATION R TXT 3 2 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 128 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 127
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1355 SMFC SMFC- 22CM21B2 INCOME TAX LAW & PRACTICE R ITLP 3 2 0 0 5 5
1356 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT12C1
PRINCIPLES OF FOOD 
PRESERVATION R PFP 1 0 0 4 2 5
1357 SMFC SMFC- 22FT32C2R FOOD PACKAGING TECHNOLOGY R FPT 1 0 0 4 2 5
1358 SMFC SMFC- 22FT1207R FOOD MICROBIOLOGY R FMB 3 0 2 0 4 5
1359 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT2213R
BAKERY, CONFECTIONERY AND 
SNACKS TECHNOLOGY R BCST 2 0 4 0 4 6
1360 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT1104
INTRODUCTION TO FOOD SCIENCE 
AND TECHNOLOGY R IFST 3 0 2 0 4 5
1361 SMFC SMFC- 22FT1102 FOOD CHEMISTRY R FC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1362 SMFC SMFC- 22FT1105 FOOD BIOCHEMISTRY R FBC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1363 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT2109R
PROCESSING OF HORTICULTURAL 
PRODUCE R PHP 3 0 2 0 4 5
1364 SMFC SMFC- 22CE1201 ENGINEERING GEOLOGY R EGY 3 0 2 0 4 5
1365 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2102R FLUID MECHANICS & HYDRAULICS R FMH 3 0 2 0 4 5
1366 SMFC SMFC- 23ME3113R MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY R MT 2 0 2 0 3 4
1367 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC1203
BASIC ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS R BEEC 2 0 0 0 2 2
1368 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2104R
ANALOG ELECTRONIC CIRCUIT 
DESIGN R AECD 3 0 2 2 4.5 7
1369 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2211R VLSI DESIGN R VLSID 3 0 2 2 4.5 7
1370 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2103R SURVEYING R SVY 3 0 2 4 5 9
1371 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2206 STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS R STA 3 1 0 0 4 4
1372 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2207 CONCRETE TECHNOLOGY R CT 3 0 2 4 5 9
1373 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23ME1004
WORKSHOP PRACTICES FOR 
ENGINEERS R WPE 0 0 4 0 2 4
1374 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2209R
ELECTROMAGNETIC WAVES & 
TRANSMISSION LINES R EMWTL 3 0 0 0 3 3
1375 SMFC SMFC- 23EE2101 ELECTRICAL CIRCUITS R ELC 2 0 2 0 3 4
1376 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2105R IMMUNOLOGY R IMM 3 0 2 0 4 5
1377 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2206 MOLECULAR BIOLOGY R MBY 3 0 0 0 3 3
1378 SMFC SMFC- 23BT1101 CELL BIOLOGY R CB 3 0 0 0 3 3
1379 SMFC SMFC- 23EE2102R ELECTRICAL MACHINES R ELM 3 0 2 0 4 5
1380 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EE2204R
ELECTRICAL POWER GENERATION, 
TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION R EPGTD 2 1 0 0 3 3
1381 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EE3106R
POWER SYSTEM ANALYSIS & 
STABILITY R PSAS 2 1 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 129 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 128
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1382 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EE3208R
POWER SYSTEM PROTECTION & 
CONTROL R PSPC 2 0 2 2 3.5 6
1383 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2215 PROCESS ENGINEERING PRINCIPLES R PEP 2 0 2 0 3 4
1384 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2104 MICROBIOLOGY R MBG 3 0 2 0 4 5
1385 SMFC SMFC- 23BT3214 BIOINFORMATICS R BI 2 0 2 0 3 4
1386 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2210R
NETWORK PROTOCOLS AND 
SECURITY R NPS 3 0 2 0 4 5
1387 SMFC SMFC- 23IN3104R REAL TIME OPERATING SYSTEMS R RTOS 3 0 2 0 4 5
1388 SMFC SMFC- 23IN3105R EMBEDDED SYSTEMS DESIGN R ESD 2 0 2 0 3 4
1389 SMFC SMFC- 23ME3110R HEAT TRANSFER R HT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1390 SMFC SMFC- 23ME1002 ENGINEERING GRAPHICS R EG 0 0 4 0 2 4
1391 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23ME2209R
KINEMATICS & DYNAMICS OF 
MACHINES R KDOM 3 1 2 0 5 6
1392 SMFC SMFC- 23ME3111R MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DESIGN R MED 3 0 0 0 3 3
1393 SMFC SMFC- 23ME2107R THERMODYNAMICS R TD 3 0 0 0 3 3
1394 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
1395 SMFC SMFC- 23IN01HF 5G TECHNOLOGIES FOR IOT R 5TAI 3 0 2 0 4 5
1396 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23IN02HF
DEEP LEARNING FOR COMPUTER 
VISION R DPNV 3 0 2 0 4 5
1397 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23IN03HF
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R ARVRAD 3 0 2 0 4 5
1398 SMFC SMFC- 23IN04HF DEVOPS FOR IOT R DFIOT 3 0 2 0 4 5
1399 SMFC SMFC- 22CM1203 DATA ANALYSIS WITH EXCEL R DAWE 0 0 0 4 1 4

=== PAGE 130 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 129
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Category & Grouping
S# Category Group Name
1 MINOR AI AND COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
2 MINOR ANIMATION AND GAMING
3 MINOR ANTHROPOLOGY
4 MINOR ARTS
5 MINOR BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
6 MINOR COMPUTATIONAL MATHEMATICS
7 MINOR CORPORATE LAW
8 MINOR CREATIVE ARTS
9 MINOR DIGITAL MARKETING AND AUTOMATION
10 MINOR FILM MAKING
11 MINOR FINTECH AND ALGORITHMIC TRADING
12 MINOR FOOD TECHNOLOGY
13 MINOR GRAPHIC DESIGN
14 MINOR INNOVATION MANAGEMENT AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP
15 MINOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAW
16 MINOR INTERIOR DESIGN
17 MINOR INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
18 MINOR ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR
19 MINOR PHARMACOLOGY
20 MINOR PRECISION AGRICULTURE
21 MINOR TECHNOPRENEURSHIP
22 MINOR WATER SCIENCE AND MANAGEMENT
23 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR EEE FOR FIRST MAJOR AIDS / CIVIL / BT
24 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR ECE FOR FIRST MAJOR AIDS
25 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR ECE FOR FIRST MAJOR CIVIL / BBA / B.COM / BSC / BCA / BA
26 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR IOT FOR FIRST MAJOR CSE / CSIT / EEE / ECE / AIDS
27 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR ME FOR FIRST MAJOR ECE / EEE / CSE / CSIT / AIDS / BT / IOT
28 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR CIVIL FOR FIRST MAJOR ECE / EEE / CSE / CSIT / AIDS / BT / IOT
29 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR BT FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / BBA / B.COM / BSC / BCA / BA

=== PAGE 131 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 130
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Group Name
30 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR ANIMATION AND GAMING FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / BBA / B.COM / 
31 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / B.COM / BSC 
32 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR COMPUTER APPLICATIONS FOR FIRST MAJOR B.COM / BBA / BSC / BA
33 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR ECONOMICS AND PUBLIC POLICY FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / B.COM / 
34 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR FOOD TECHNOLOGY FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / B.COM / BBA / BSC 
35 DOUBLE MAJOR SECOND MAJOR COMMERCE FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / BBA / BSC / BCA / BA
36 SPECIALIZATION AGRI-BIOTECHNOLOGY
37 SPECIALIZATION AI AND AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS
38 SPECIALIZATION AI FOR COMPUTATIONAL INTELLIGENCE
39 SPECIALIZATION AI SYSTEMS FOR VISUAL INTELLIGENCE
40 SPECIALIZATION AI-DRIVEN EDGE ARCHITECTURES AND APPLICATIONS
41 SPECIALIZATION AI-DRIVEN LANGUAGE TECHNOLOGIES
42 SPECIALIZATION AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS AND AUTOSAR
43 SPECIALIZATION AUTOMOTIVE ENERGY ENGINEERING
44 SPECIALIZATION BIOINFORMATICS
45 SPECIALIZATION BLOCKCHAIN ENGINEERING FOR WEB3
46 SPECIALIZATION CLOUD AND EDGE COMPUTING
47 SPECIALIZATION CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN AND ENGINEERING?
48 SPECIALIZATION CLOUD NATIVE SECURITY
49 SPECIALIZATION CLOUD NATIVE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
50 SPECIALIZATION CLOUD-BASED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING
51 SPECIALIZATION COMPUTER COMMUNICATION AND 5G TECHNOLOGY
52 SPECIALIZATION CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT
53 SPECIALIZATION CROSS PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT FRAMEWORKS
54 SPECIALIZATION CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS AND IOT
55 SPECIALIZATION CYBER SECURITY AND BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
56 SPECIALIZATION DATA COMMUNICATIONS
57 SPECIALIZATION DATA ENGINEERING FOR AI
58 SPECIALIZATION DATA SCIENCE AND BIG DATA ANALYTICS
59 SPECIALIZATION DISTRIBUTED LEDGER ANALYTICS

=== PAGE 132 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 131
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Category Group Name
60 SPECIALIZATION EMBEDDED SYSTEMS
61 SPECIALIZATION E-MOBILITY ENGINEERING
62 SPECIALIZATION ENGINEERING DESIGN
63 SPECIALIZATION GAME DEVELOPMENT AND UX DESIGN
64 SPECIALIZATION GEOTECHNICAL AND TRANSPORTATION ENGINEERING
65 SPECIALIZATION GREEN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES
66 SPECIALIZATION HARDWARE-SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN FOR SECURITY
67 SPECIALIZATION HEALTHCARE DATA ANALYTICS
68 SPECIALIZATION INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION
69 SPECIALIZATION INDUSTRIAL BIOTECHNOLOGY
70 SPECIALIZATION INTELLIGENT MULTIMEDIA PROCESSING
71 SPECIALIZATION IOT ANALYTICS
72 SPECIALIZATION MEDICAL BIOTECHNOLOGY
73 SPECIALIZATION ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION
74 SPECIALIZATION SMART GRID TECHNOLOGIES
75 SPECIALIZATION SMART MANUFACTURING
76 SPECIALIZATION SOCIAL AND DIGITAL MEDIA ANALYTICS
77 SPECIALIZATION SOFTWARE MODELLING AND DEVOPS
78 SPECIALIZATION SPATIAL COMPUTING AND IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGIES
79 SPECIALIZATION STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING
80 SPECIALIZATION VERY LARGE-SCALE INTEGRATION
81 SPECIALIZATION WATER RESOURCE AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
82 PROJECT RESEARCH PROJECT
83 PROJECT INNOVATION PROJECT
84 PROJECT CAPSTONE PROJECT

=== PAGE 133 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 132
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
Category & Grouping Courses
1. MINOR: AI AND COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC01M AI FOR BUSINESS STRATEGY M ABS 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC02M AI STRATEGY AND GOVERNANCE M ASG 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC03M
SUCCESSFUL AI STRATEGIES : A 
CEO'S PERSPECTIVES M SAI 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAC04M
CRAFTING A COMPETITIVE 
ADVANTAGE M CCA 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAC05
AI APPLICATIONS FOR BUSINESS 
SUCCESS M AIA 0 0 6 4 4 10
2. MINOR: ANIMATION AND GAMING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG01 INTRODUCTION TO GAME MATH R IGM 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG02 DRAWING BASICS R DBS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG03 GRAPHIC DESIGN R GDS 0 0 6 4 4 10
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAG04 CONCEPTS OF 3D R C3D 0 0 6 4 4 10
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAG05 DIGITAL ART R DTA 0 0 6 4 4 10
3. MINOR: ANTHROPOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP01M
INTRODUCTION TO 
ANTHROPOLOGY M ITA 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP02M CULTURAL EVOLUTION M CET 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP03M
HUMAN ECOLOGY AND ECOLOGICAL 
ANTHROPOLOGY M HEEA 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAP04M
FUNDAMENTALS IN 
ARCHEOLOGICAL ANTHROPOLOGY 
CHRONOLOGY
M FAAC 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAP05 SOCIAL CULTURE ANTHROPOLOGY M SCA 0 0 6 4 4 10
4. MINOR: ARTS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR01
FUNDAMENTALS OF MACRO-
ECONOMICS R FME 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR02 BASICS OF ECONOMETRICS R BOE 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR03
INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS: 
THEORIES AND CONCEPTS R IRTC 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRAR04
BEHAVIOURAL ECONOMICS AND 
POLICY R BEP 4 0 0 0 4 4

=== PAGE 134 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 133
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRAR05
SOCIAL GEOGRAPHY AND 
CARTOGRAPHY R SGC 0 0 6 4 4 10
5. MINOR: BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA01M ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR M OBR 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA02M MARKETING MANAGEMENT M MMG 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA03M FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT M FMG 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRBA04M HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT M HRM 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRBA05M
LOGISTICS AND SUPPLY CHAIN 
MANAGEMENT M LSCM 0 0 6 4 4 10
6. MINOR: COMPUTATIONAL MATHEMATICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM01 LINEAR ALGEBRA R LAG 2 2 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM02 ADVANCED NUMERICAL ANALYSIS R ANA 2 2 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM03 MATHEMATICAL MODELLING R MML 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM04
STOCHASTIC PROCESSES & 
OPTIMIZATION R SPO 2 2 0 0 4 4
5 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCM05
FUZZY MATHEMATICS AND ITS 
APPLICATIONS R FMAA 2 2 0 0 4 4
6 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCM06
TRANSFORM TECHNIQUES FOR 
ENGINEERING R TTE 2 0 2 4 4 8
7 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCM07 STATISTICS WITH R PROGRAMMING R SWRP 2 0 2 4 4 8
8 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCM08 MATRIX COMPUTATION R MCT 2 0 2 4 4 8
7. MINOR: CORPORATE LAW
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL01
PRINCIPLES OF COMPANIES ACT 
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE R PCACG 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL02
MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND 
PRIVATE EQUITY R MAPE 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL03
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY 
LAW R IBL 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCL04 COMPETITION LAW AND PRACTICE R CLP 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCL05 COMMERCIAL CONTRACT DRAFTING R CCD 0 0 6 4 4 10
8. MINOR: CREATIVE ARTS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA01 INTRODUCTION TO CREATIVE ARTS R ICA 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 135 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 134
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA02 DRAWING AND SKETCHING R DAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA03 PAINTING R PNT 0 0 6 4 4 10
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRCA04 CREATIVE WRITING R CWT 0 0 6 4 4 10
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRCA05 SCULPTURE R SCP 0 0 6 4 4 10
9. MINOR: DIGITAL MARKETING AND AUTOMATION
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM01M
FUNDAMENTALS OF DIGITAL 
MARKETING M FDM 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM02M SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING M SMM 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM03M SERACH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION M SEO 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRDM04M
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE IN 
MARKETING M AIM 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRDM05 CONTENT MARKETING M CM 0 0 6 4 4 10
10. MINOR: FILM MAKING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFM01 FILM AESTHETICS R FAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFM02 SCREEN WRITING R SWT 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFM04 SOUND DESIGN R SDS 0 0 6 4 4 10
4 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRFM05 DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY R DPG 0 0 6 4 4 10
11. MINOR: FINTECH AND ALGORITHMIC TRADING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA01M
FOUNDATIONS AND APPLICATIONS 
OF FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY M AFT 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA02M
DECENTRALISED FINANCE: THE 
FUTURE OF FINANCE M DFFF 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA03M FINTECH INNOVATIONS M FIV 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFA04M
USING MACHINE LEARNING IN 
TRADING AND FINANCE M ML 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRFA05 TRADING ALGORITHMNS M TA 0 0 6 4 4 10
12. MINOR: FOOD TECHNOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT01
INTRODUCTION TO FOOD SCIENCE 
AND TECHNOLOGY R IFST 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT02
FOOD ANALYSIS AND QUALITY 
ASSURANCE R FAQA 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 136 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 135
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT03 FOOD SAFETY AND REGULATIONS R FSR 3 1 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRFT04 FOOD ENGINEERING R FEG 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRFT05 FOOD PACKAGING TECHNOLOGY R FPT 2 0 2 4 4 8
13. MINOR: GRAPHIC DESIGN
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD01
INTRODUCTION TO GRAPHIC 
DESIGN R IGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD02 TYPOGRAPHY R TPY 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD03 VISUAL IDENTITY AND BRANDING R VIB 0 0 6 4 4 10
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRGD04 PRINT DESIGN R PRDG 0 0 6 4 4 10
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRGD05 PUBLICATION DESIGN R PUDG 0 0 6 4 4 10
14. MINOR: INNOVATION MANAGEMENT AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM01 APPLIED DESIGN THINKING R ADT 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM02 BUSINESS MODEL INNOVATION R BMI 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM03 VENTURE MANAGEMENT R VMT 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIM04 BUSINESS AND LEADERSHIP R BL 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRIM05
PROJECT INNOVATE: STRATEGIES 
FOR ENTREPRENEURIAL GROWTH R PISEG 0 0 6 4 4 10
15. MINOR: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAW
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP01
EMERGENCE AND DEVELOPMENT OF 
IPR R EDIPR 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP02 LAW OF COPYRIGHT R LOCR 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP03 LAW OF PATENTS R LOPS 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIP04 LAW OF TRADEMARK R LOTM 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRIP05
LAW OF DESIGNS, GEOGRAPHICAL 
INDICATIONS AND PLANT VARIETIES R LODGP 0 0 6 4 4 10
16. MINOR: INTERIOR DESIGN
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID01
INTRODUCTION TO INTERIOR 
DESIGN R IID 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID02 SPACE PLANNING AND LAYOUT R SPL 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID03 INTERIOR MATERIAL AND FINISHES R IMF 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 137 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 136
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRID04
FURNITURE AND ACCESSORIES 
DESIGN R FAD 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRID05
DESIGN PRESENTATION AND 
COMMUNICATION R DPC 0 0 6 4 4 10
17. MINOR: INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB01M
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
ESSENTIALS M IBET 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB02M
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
ENVIRONMENT M IBEV 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB03M
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS 
OPERATIONS M IBO 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRIB04M INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MODELS M IBM 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRIB05
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS FOR 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS M PIB 0 0 6 4 4 10
18. MINOR: ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB01M ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR M POM 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB02M
ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOUR 
MODELS M OBM 4 0 0 0 4 4
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB03M
ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGE AND 
DEVELOPMENT M OCD 4 0 0 0 4 4
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MROB04M LEADERSHIP IN ORGANIZATION M LIO 4 0 0 0 4 4
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MROB05
TEAM BUIDLING AND 
COLLABORATION SKILLS FOR 
MANAGERS
M TBCM 0 0 6 4 4 10
19. MINOR: PHARMACOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY01 BASICS OF PHARMACOLOGY R BOP 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY02 ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY - I R AP-I 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY03 EXPERIMENTAL PHARMACOLOGY R EPC 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPY04 ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY - II R AP-II 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRPY05 PRACTICAL PHARMACOLOGY R PRI 0 0 6 4 4 10
20. MINOR: PRECISION AGRICULTURE
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA01 FUNDAMENTALS OF AGRONOMY R FOA 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 138 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 137
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA02
INTRODUCTORY 
AGROMETEOROLOGY AND CLIMATE 
CHANGE
R IACC 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA03
GEOINFORMATICS AND 
NANOTECHNOLOGY FOR PRECISION 
FARMING
R GNPF 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA04
PROTECTED CULTIVATION AND 
POST-HARVEST TECHNOLOGIES R PCPHT 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRPA05
MODERN FARMING TECHNIQUES 
AND INNOVATIONS R AELP 0 0 6 4 4 10
21. MINOR: TECHNOPRENEURSHIP
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP01
INTRODUCTION TO 
TECHNOLOGICAL 
ENTREPRENEURSHIP
R ITEP 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP02 LEAN STARTUP LAUNCHPAD R LSLP 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP03
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND VENTURE 
CAPITAL R EVC 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRTP04
BUILDING AND SUSTAINING A 
SUCCESSFUL ENTERPRISE R BSSE 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRTP05
TECH INNOVATION PROJECT FOR 
ENTREPRENEURS R TIPFE 0 0 6 4 4 10
22. MINOR: WATER SCIENCE AND MANAGEMENT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA01 FUNDAMENTALS OF AGRONOMY R FOA 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA02
INTRODUCTORY 
AGROMETEOROLOGY AND CLIMATE 
CHANGE
R IACC 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA03
GEOINFORMATICS AND 
NANOTECHNOLOGY FOR PRECISION 
FARMING
R GNPF 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 MIN MIN-CORE 23MRPA04
PROTECTED CULTIVATION AND 
POST-HARVEST TECHNOLOGIES R PCPHT 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 MSDC MIN-SDP 23MRPA05
MODERN FARMING TECHNIQUES 
AND INNOVATIONS R AELP 0 0 6 4 4 10
23. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR EEE FOR FIRST MAJOR AIDS / CIVIL / BT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 FCC FC-1 23EE2102F ELECTRICAL MACHINES F ELM 2 0 2 0 3 4
2 FCC FC-1 23EE2225F POWER QUALITY F PQ 3 0 0 0 3 3
3 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106A PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS A PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
4 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106E PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS E PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8

=== PAGE 139 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 138
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
5 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
6 OEC OE-1 23OEEE03 ELECTRICAL POWER ENGINEERING R EPE 4 0 0 0 4 4
7 OEC OE-2 23EE2207R CONTROL SYSTEMS R CS 3 0 2 0 4 5
8 OEC OE-3 23EE2205R POWER ELECTRONICS R PES 3 0 2 0 4 5
9 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
10 SMFC SMFC- 23EE2102R ELECTRICAL MACHINES R ELM 3 0 2 0 4 5
11 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EE2204R
ELECTRICAL POWER GENERATION, 
TRANSMISSION & DISTRIBUTION R EPGTD 2 1 0 0 3 3
12 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EE3106R
POWER SYSTEM ANALYSIS & 
STABILITY R PSAS 2 1 0 0 3 3
13 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EE3208R
POWER SYSTEM PROTECTION & 
CONTROL R PSPC 2 0 2 2 3.5 6
14 SMFC SMFC- 23EE2101 ELECTRICAL CIRCUITS R ELC 2 0 2 0 3 4
24. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR ECE FOR FIRST MAJOR AIDS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1203
BASIC ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS R BEEC 2 0 0 0 2 2
2 FCC FC-1 23EC2221F EMBEDDED SYSTEM DESIGN F ESD 2 0 2 0 3 4
3 FCC FC-1 23EC2224F DEEP NETWORK ARCHITECTURES F DNA 2 0 2 0 3 4
4 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106A PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS A PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
5 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106E PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS E PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
6 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
7 OEC OE-1 23EC2105R
SIGNALS & COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEMS R SCS 3 0 2 0 4 5
8 OEC OE-2 23EC2208R DIGITAL COMMUNICATION R DC 3 0 2 0 4 5
9 OEC OE-3 23EC3112R DISCRETE TIME SIGNAL PROCESSING R DTSP 3 0 2 0 4 5
10 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2210R
NETWORK PROTOCOLS AND 
SECURITY R NPS 3 0 2 0 4 5
11 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
12 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2209R
ELECTROMAGNETIC WAVES & 
TRANSMISSION LINES R EMWTL 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC1203
BASIC ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS R BEEC 2 0 0 0 2 2
14 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2104R
ANALOG ELECTRONIC CIRCUIT 
DESIGN R AECD 3 0 2 2 4.5 7
15 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2211R VLSI DESIGN R VLSID 3 0 2 2 4.5 7

=== PAGE 140 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 139
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
25. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR ECE FOR FIRST MAJOR CIVIL / BBA / B.COM / BSC / BCA / BA
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1101
FUNDAMENTALS OF IOT AND 
SENSORS R FITS 3 0 4 0 5 7
2 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1202
DIGITAL DESIGN & COMPUTER 
ARCHITECTURE R DDCA 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 ESC ESC-CORE 23EC1203
BASIC ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS R BEEC 2 0 0 0 2 2
4 FCC FC-1 23EC2223F FUNDAMENTALS OF ROBOTICS F FOR 2 0 2 0 3 4
5 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106A PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS A PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
6 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106E PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS E PRC 4 0 4 0 6 8
7 HFC HFC-CORE 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
8 OEC OE-1 23EC2105R
SIGNALS & COMMUNICATION 
SYSTEMS R SCS 3 0 2 0 4 5
9 OEC OE-2 23EC2208R DIGITAL COMMUNICATION R DC 3 0 2 0 4 5
10 OEC OE-3 23EC3112R DISCRETE TIME SIGNAL PROCESSING R DTSP 3 0 2 0 4 5
11 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2210R
NETWORK PROTOCOLS AND 
SECURITY R NPS 3 0 2 0 4 5
12 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2106R PROCESSORS AND CONTROLLERS R PRC 3 0 2 0 4 5
13 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2209R
ELECTROMAGNETIC WAVES & 
TRANSMISSION LINES R EMWTL 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC1203
BASIC ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC CIRCUITS R BEEC 2 0 0 0 2 2
15 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23EC2104R
ANALOG ELECTRONIC CIRCUIT 
DESIGN R AECD 3 0 2 2 4.5 7
16 SMFC SMFC- 23EC2211R VLSI DESIGN R VLSID 3 0 2 2 4.5 7
26. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR IOT FOR FIRST MAJOR CSE / CSIT / EEE / ECE / AIDS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 FCC FC-1 23IN2222F CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT F CCIOT 2 0 2 0 3 4
2 OEC OE-1 23IN2101R IOT SYSTEM DESIGN R IOTPA 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 OEC OE-2 23IN2102
ELECTRONIC DEVICES AND 
INTEGRATED CIRCUITS R EDAIC 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 OEC OE-3 23IN2203 WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES FOR IOT R WTIOT 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 SMFC SMFC- 23IN01HF 5G TECHNOLOGIES FOR IOT R 5TAI 3 0 2 0 4 5
6 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23IN02HF
DEEP LEARNING FOR COMPUTER 
VISION R DPNV 3 0 2 0 4 5
7 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23IN03HF
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R ARVRAD 3 0 2 0 4 5
8 SMFC SMFC- 23IN04HF DEVOPS FOR IOT R DFIOT 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 141 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 140
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
9 SMFC SMFC- 23IN3104R REAL TIME OPERATING SYSTEMS R RTOS 3 0 2 0 4 5
10 SMFC SMFC- 23IN3105R EMBEDDED SYSTEMS DESIGN R ESD 2 0 2 0 3 4
27. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR ME FOR FIRST MAJOR ECE / EEE / CSE / CSIT / AIDS / BT / IOT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 FCC FC-1 23ME1001F ENGINEERING MECHANICS F EM 2 1 0 0 3 3
2 OEC OE-1 23ME2106R MECHANICS OF SOLIDS R MOS 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 OEC OE-2 23ME2116
FLUID MECHANICS & HYDRAULIC 
MACHINES R FMHM 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 OEC OE-3 23ME2208 MANUFACTURING PROCESSES R MP 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 SMFC SMFC- 23ME2107R THERMODYNAMICS R TD 3 0 0 0 3 3
6 SMFC SMFC- 23ME3110R HEAT TRANSFER R HT 3 0 2 0 4 5
7 SMFC SMFC- 23ME1002 ENGINEERING GRAPHICS R EG 0 0 4 0 2 4
8 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23ME2209R
KINEMATICS & DYNAMICS OF 
MACHINES R KDOM 3 1 2 0 5 6
9 SMFC SMFC- 23ME3111R MECHANICAL ENGINEERING DESIGN R MED 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 23ME1004
WORKSHOP PRACTICES FOR 
ENGINEERS R WPE 0 0 4 0 2 4
11 SMFC SMFC- 23ME3113R MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY R MT 2 0 2 0 3 4
28. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR CIVIL FOR FIRST MAJOR ECE / EEE / CSE / CSIT / AIDS / BT / IOT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 FCC FC-1 23ME1001F ENGINEERING MECHANICS F EM 2 1 0 0 3 3
2 OEC OE-1 23CE2208R GEOTECHNICAL ENGINEERING R GTE 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 OEC OE-2 23CE2209R TRANSPORTATION ENGINEERING R TPE 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 OEC OE-3 23CE3109 ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING R EVE 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2103R SURVEYING R SVY 3 0 2 4 5 9
6 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2206 STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS R STA 3 1 0 0 4 4
7 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2207 CONCRETE TECHNOLOGY R CT 3 0 2 4 5 9
8 SMFC SMFC- 22CE1201 ENGINEERING GEOLOGY R EGY 3 0 2 0 4 5
9 SMFC SMFC- 23CE2102R FLUID MECHANICS & HYDRAULICS R FMH 3 0 2 0 4 5
29. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR BT FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / BBA / B.COM / BSC / BCA / BA
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 BSC BSC-SE-3 23BT2103 BIOCHEMISTRY R BCM 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 142 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 141
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
2 FCC FC-1 23BT2224F BIOREACTOR OPERATIONS F BO 2 0 2 0 3 4
3 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT01A MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGY A MLT 0 0 6 4 4 10
4 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT01E MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGY E MLT 0 0 6 4 4 10
5 SDC SDP-1 23SDBT01R MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGY R MLT 0 0 2 4 2 6
6 OEC OE-1 23BT2209R
BIOCHEMICAL REACTION 
ENGINEERING R BCRE 3 0 2 0 4 5
7 OEC OE-2 23BT3212
PLANT AND ANIMAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY R PABT 3 0 2 0 4 5
8 OEC OE-3 23BT3213R DOWNSTREAM PROCESSING R DSP 2 0 4 0 4 6
9 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2104 MICROBIOLOGY R MBG 3 0 2 0 4 5
10 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2215 PROCESS ENGINEERING PRINCIPLES R PEP 2 0 2 0 3 4
11 SMFC SMFC- 23BT3214 BIOINFORMATICS R BI 2 0 2 0 3 4
12 SMFC SMFC- 23BT1101 CELL BIOLOGY R CB 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2105R IMMUNOLOGY R IMM 3 0 2 0 4 5
14 SMFC SMFC- 23BT2206 MOLECULAR BIOLOGY R MBY 3 0 0 0 3 3
34. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR FOOD TECHNOLOGY FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / B.COM / BBA / BSC / BCA / BA
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 OEC OE-1 22FT2212R PROCESSING OF AQUATIC FOODS R PAF 3 0 2 0 4 5
2 OEC OE-2 22FT22C1R
FOOD ANALYSIS AND QUALITY 
ASSURANCE R FAQA 3 0 2 0 4 5
3 OEC OE-3 22FT3215R
TECHNOLOGY OF MEAT AND 
POULTRY R TMP 3 0 2 0 4 5
4 SMFC SMFC- 22FT1102 FOOD CHEMISTRY R FC 3 0 2 0 4 5
5 SMFC SMFC- 22FT1105 FOOD BIOCHEMISTRY R FBC 3 0 2 0 4 5
6 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT2109R
PROCESSING OF HORTICULTURAL 
PRODUCE R PHP 3 0 2 0 4 5
7 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT12C1
PRINCIPLES OF FOOD 
PRESERVATION R PFP 1 0 0 4 2 5
8 SMFC SMFC- 22FT32C2R FOOD PACKAGING TECHNOLOGY R FPT 1 0 0 4 2 5
9 SMFC SMFC- 22FT1207R FOOD MICROBIOLOGY R FMB 3 0 2 0 4 5
10 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT2213R
BAKERY, CONFECTIONERY AND 
SNACKS TECHNOLOGY R BCST 2 0 4 0 4 6
11 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22FT1104
INTRODUCTION TO FOOD SCIENCE 
AND TECHNOLOGY R IFST 3 0 2 0 4 5

=== PAGE 143 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 142
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
35. DOUBLE MAJOR: SECOND MAJOR COMMERCE FOR FIRST MAJOR B.TECH / BBA / BSC / BCA / BA
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 OEC OE-1 23ACCABT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY R BT 4 0 0 0 4 4
2 OEC OE-2 23ACCAFA FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING R FA 3 2 0 0 5 5
3 OEC OE-3 23ACCAMA MANAGEMENT ACCOUNTING R MA 3 2 0 0 5 5
4 SMFC SMFC- 23ACCAPM PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT R PM 3 2 0 0 5 5
5 SMFC SMFC- 22CM1206 ADVANCED COST ACCOUNTING R ACA 3 2 0 0 5 5
6 SMFC
SMFC-
CORE 22CM31B5
ACCOUNTING & REPORTING 
STANDARDS R ARS 3 2 0 0 5 5
7 SMFC SMFC- 23ACCATX TAXATION R TXT 3 2 0 0 5 5
8 SMFC SMFC- 22CM21B2 INCOME TAX LAW & PRACTICE R ITLP 3 2 0 0 5 5
9 SMFC SMFC- 22CM1203 DATA ANALYSIS WITH EXCEL R DAWE 0 0 0 4 1 4
36. SPECIALIZATION: AGRI-BIOTECHNOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT10A
MASS SPECTROMETRY BASED 
PROTEOMICS A MSBP 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT10E
MASS SPECTROMETRY BASED 
PROTEOMICS E MSBP 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT10R
MASS SPECTROMETRY BASED 
PROTEOMICS R MSBP 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ABT3101A BIOSENSORS AND BIOELECTRONICS A BSBE 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23ABT3101E BIOSENSORS AND BIOELECTRONICS E BSBE 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23ABT3101R BIOSENSORS AND BIOELECTRONICS R BSBE 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23ABT3202A
IOT APPLICATIONS IN PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE A IOTAPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23ABT3202E
IOT APPLICATIONS IN PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE E IOTAPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23ABT3202R
IOT APPLICATIONS IN PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE R IOTAPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23ABT3203A
MACHINE LEARNING FOR PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE A MLPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23ABT3203E
MACHINE LEARNING FOR PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE E MLPA 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23ABT3203R
MACHINE LEARNING FOR PRECISION 
AGRICULTURE R MLPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23ABT3304A
IMAGE PROCESSING FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS A IPAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 144 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 143
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
14 PEC PE-4 23ABT3304E
IMAGE PROCESSING FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS E IPAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-4 23ABT3304R
IMAGE PROCESSING FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS R IPAA 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23ABT3406M
DATA ACQUISITION AND 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS FOR 
AGRICULTURE
M DACSA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-5 23ABT3405M BIOINSTRUMENTATION M BIM 4 0 0 0 4 4
GN(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23ABT3507
MICROFLUIDICS FOR 
AGRICULTURAL APPLICATIONS R MAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23ABT3508
BIOINFORMATICS FOR 
AGRICULTURE R BIA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
37. SPECIALIZATION: AI AND AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD09A AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE SYSTEMS A AVS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD09E AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE SYSTEMS E AVS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD09R AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE SYSTEMS R AVS 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ASS3101A
AUTONOMOUS DRIVER ASSISTIVE 
SYSTEMS A ADAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23ASS3101E
AUTONOMOUS DRIVER ASSISTIVE 
SYSTEMS E ADAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23ASS3101R
AUTONOMOUS DRIVER ASSISTIVE 
SYSTEMS R ADAS 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-1 23ASS3102A
AI AND CONTROLS FOR 
AUTONOMUS FUTURE VEHICLE A AICAFT 4 0 4 4 7 12
8 PEC PE-1 23ASS3102E
AI AND CONTROLS FOR 
AUTONOMUS FUTURE VEHICLE E AICAFT 4 0 4 4 7 12
9 PEC PE-1 23ASS3102R
AI AND CONTROLS FOR 
AUTONOMUS FUTURE VEHICLE R AICAFT 3 0 2 4 5 9
10 PEC PE-2 23ASS3202A
INTRODUCTION TO INTELLIGENT 
DRONES A IID 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23ASS3202E
INTRODUCTION TO INTELLIGENT 
DRONES E IID 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23ASS3202R
INTRODUCTION TO INTELLIGENT 
DRONES R IID 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-2 23ASS3203A
AI AND IOT FOR AUTONOMOUS 
VEHICLE A AIAV 5 0 0 0 5 5
14 PEC PE-2 23ASS3203E
AI AND IOT FOR AUTONOMOUS 
VEHICLE E AIAV 5 0 0 0 5 5
15 PEC PE-2 23ASS3203R
AI AND IOT FOR AUTONOMOUS 
VEHICLE R AIAV 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 145 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 144
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
16 PEC PE-2 23ASS3205A
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ECU 
DESIGN WITH AUTOSAR A AVECUDA 3 0 4 0 5 7
17 PEC PE-2 23ASS3205E
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ECU 
DESIGN WITH AUTOSAR E AVECUDA 3 0 4 0 5 7
18 PEC PE-2 23ASS3205R
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLE ECU 
DESIGN WITH AUTOSAR R AVECUDA 2 0 2 0 3 4
19 PEC PE-3 23ASS3304A
APPLIED DEEP LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS A ADLAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
20 PEC PE-3 23ASS3304E
APPLIED DEEP LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS E ADLAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
21 PEC PE-3 23ASS3304R
APPLIED DEEP LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS R ADLAS 3 0 2 4 5 9
22 PEC PE-3 23ASS3309A
AUTONOMOUS ELECTRIC MOBILITY 
- SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS A AAAV 4 0 4 4 7 12
23 PEC PE-3 23ASS3309E
AUTONOMOUS ELECTRIC MOBILITY 
- SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS E AAAV 4 0 4 4 7 12
24 PEC PE-3 23ASS3309R
AUTONOMOUS ELECTRIC MOBILITY 
- SYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS R AAAV 3 0 2 4 5 9
25 PEC PE-4 23ASS3405M EXPERT SYSTEMS M ES 3 0 0 0 3 3
26 PEC PE-4 23ASS3406M SELF-DRIVING CARS M SDC 3 0 0 0 3 3
27 PEC PE-4 23ASS3410M
CYBERSECURITY IN AUTONOMUS 
VEHICLE M CAV 3 0 0 0 3 3
28 PEC PE-5 23ASS3507
LOCALIZATION & PROGRAMMING 
REAL-TIME AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS R LPRAS 3 0 0 0 3 3
29 PEC PE-5 23ASS3508
REINFORCEMENT LEARNING FOR 
AUTONOMOUS SYSTEM R RLA 3 0 0 0 3 3
30 PEC PE-5 23ASS3511
AI DRIVEN ECU DESIGN FOR 
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES R AEDATT 2 0 2 0 3 4
38. SPECIALIZATION: AI FOR COMPUTATIONAL INTELLIGENCE
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS17A
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS FOR IMAGES A GANI 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS17E
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS FOR IMAGES E GANI 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS17R
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS FOR IMAGES R GANI 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ACI3101A
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS A GANS 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23ACI3101E
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS E GANS 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23ACI3101R
GENERATIVE ADVERSARIAL 
NETWORKS R GANS 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23ACI3202A
EXPLAINABLE AI AND 
COMMUNICATIONS A EAIC 5 0 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 146 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 145
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
8 PEC PE-2 23ACI3202E
EXPLAINABLE AI AND 
COMMUNICATIONS E EAIC 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23ACI3202R
EXPLAINABLE AI AND 
COMMUNICATIONS R EAIC 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23ACI3303A FUZZY LOGIC WITH SET THEORY A FLST 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23ACI3303E FUZZY LOGIC WITH SET THEORY E FLST 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23ACI3303R FUZZY LOGIC WITH SET THEORY R FLST 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23ACI3404M HEURISTIC ALGORITHMS M HAG 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-5 23ACI3405M
SWARM INTELLIGENCE 
APPROCAHES M SIA 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-5 23ACI3506 DATA MANIPULATION R DMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-5 23ACI3507 REINFORCEMENT LEARNING R RLG 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-5 23ACI3508 EVOLUTIONARY COMPUTATION R ECP 3 0 0 0 3 3
39. SPECIALIZATION: AI SYSTEMS FOR VISUAL INTELLIGENCE
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS19A
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING A VRSU 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS19E
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING E VRSU 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS19R
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING R VRSU 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23AVI3101A DEEP LEARNING A DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23AVI3101E DEEP LEARNING E DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23AVI3101R DEEP LEARNING R DL 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23AVI3202A COMPUTER VISION A CV 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23AVI3202E COMPUTER VISION E CV 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23AVI3202R COMPUTER VISION R CV 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23AVI3303A OBJECT DETECTION A OD 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23AVI3303E OBJECT DETECTION E OD 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23AVI3303R OBJECT DETECTION R OD 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23AVI3404M
VISUAL RECOGNITION AND SCENE 
UNDERSTANDING M VRASU 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-4 23AVI3405M
DEEP REINFORCEMENT LEARNING 
FOR VISION M DRLV 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-5 23AVI3506 HUMAN COMPUTER INTERACTION R HCI 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 147 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 146
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
16 PEC PE-5 23AVI3507 OBJECT LOCALIZATION R OL 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-5 23AVI3508
ADVANCED IMAGE PROCESSING AND 
ANALYSIS R AIPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
40. SPECIALIZATION: AI-DRIVEN EDGE ARCHITECTURES AND APPLICATIONS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS20A SMART IOT AND SENSOR NETWORKS A SISN 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS20E SMART IOT AND SENSOR NETWORKS E SISN 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS20R SMART IOT AND SENSOR NETWORKS R SISN 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ADE3101A EDGE COMPUTING FUNDAMENTALS A ECF 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23ADE3101E EDGE COMPUTING FUNDAMENTALS E ECF 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23ADE3101R EDGE COMPUTING FUNDAMENTALS R ECF 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23ADE3202A AI AT THE EDGE A AIAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23ADE3202E AI AT THE EDGE E AIAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23ADE3202R AI AT THE EDGE R AIAE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23ADE3303A
EDGE AI ARCHITECTURES AND 
APPLICATIONS A EAIAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23ADE3303E
EDGE AI ARCHITECTURES AND 
APPLICATIONS E EAIAA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23ADE3303R
EDGE AI ARCHITECTURES AND 
APPLICATIONS R EAIAA 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23ADE3404M EDGE AI AND 5G M EAI5G 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-4 23ADE3405M
EDGE AI SECURITY AND 
PROTECTION M EAISP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-5 23ADE3506
EDGE AI DEVELOPMENT 
FRAMEWORKS AND TOOLS R EAIDFT 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-5 23ADE3507
EDGE AI ANALYTICS AND DATA 
MANAGEMENT R EAIADM 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-5 23ADE3508 EDGE AI AND SUSTAINABILITY R EAIAS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
41. SPECIALIZATION: AI-DRIVEN LANGUAGE TECHNOLOGIES
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS18A TEXT ANALYTICS A TAT 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS18E TEXT ANALYTICS E TAT 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 148 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 147
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS18R TEXT ANALYTICS R TAT 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ALT3101A
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
TEXT ANALYSIS A AMLFTA 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23ALT3101E
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
TEXT ANALYSIS E AMLFTA 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23ALT3101R
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
TEXT ANALYSIS R AMLFTA 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23ALT3202A
DEEP LEARNING FOR NATURAL 
LANGUAGE PROCESSING A DLFNLP 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23ALT3202E
DEEP LEARNING FOR NATURAL 
LANGUAGE PROCESSING E DLFNLP 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23ALT3202R
DEEP LEARNING FOR NATURAL 
LANGUAGE PROCESSING R DLFNLP 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23ALT3303A
CONVERSATIONAL AI AND CHATBOT 
DEVELOPMENT A CAICBD 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23ALT3303E
CONVERSATIONAL AI AND CHATBOT 
DEVELOPMENT E CAICBD 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23ALT3303R
CONVERSATIONAL AI AND CHATBOT 
DEVELOPMENT R CAICBD 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23ALT3404M TEXT UNDERSTANDING M TUS 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-4 23ALT3405M NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING M NLP 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-5 23ALT3506
LANGUAGE UNDERSTANDING WITH 
PRE-TRAINED MODELS R LUWPTM 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-5 23ALT3507
LARGE LANGUAGE MODEL FOR 
SPEECH PROCESSING R LLMFSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
42. SPECIALIZATION: AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS AND AUTOSAR
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 PEC PE-1 23AEA3101A
AUTOMOTIVE SENSOR AND 
APPLICATIONS A ASA 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
2 PEC PE-1 23AEA3101E
AUTOMOTIVE SENSOR AND 
APPLICATIONS E ASA 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
3 PEC PE-1 23AEA3101R
AUTOMOTIVE SENSOR AND 
APPLICATIONS R ASA 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
4 PEC PE-2 23AEA3202A AUTOTRONICS A AT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-2 23AEA3202E AUTOTRONICS E AT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-2 23AEA3202R AUTOTRONICS R AT 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23AEA3203A
AUTOMOTIVE POLLUTION AND ITS 
CONTROL A APC 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23AEA3203E
AUTOMOTIVE POLLUTION AND ITS 
CONTROL E APC 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 149 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 148
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
9 PEC PE-2 23AEA3203R
AUTOMOTIVE POLLUTION AND ITS 
CONTROL R APC 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23AEA3304A
ALTERNATE DRIVES, TRACTION AND 
CONTROLS A ADTC 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23AEA3304E
ALTERNATE DRIVES, TRACTION AND 
CONTROLS E ADTC 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23AEA3304R
ALTERNATE DRIVES, TRACTION AND 
CONTROLS R ADTC 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23AEA3405M VEHICLE CONTROL SYSTEMS M VCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-4 23AEA3406M
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRICAL AND 
ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS M AEES 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-5 23AEA3507
SOFT COMPUTING TECHNIQUES 
FOR AUTOMOTIVE APPLICATIONS R SCTAA 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-5 23AEA3508
AUTOMOTIVE NETWORKING AND 
PROTOCOLS R ANP 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
43. SPECIALIZATION: AUTOMOTIVE ENERGY ENGINEERING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDME04A ANALYSIS OF ENERGY SYSTEMS A AES 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDME04E ANALYSIS OF ENERGY SYSTEMS E AES 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDME04R ANALYSIS OF ENERGY SYSTEMS R AES 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ECF3101A AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING A AE 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23ECF3101E AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING E AE 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23ECF3101R AUTOMOBILE ENGINEERING R AE 3 0 2 4 5 9
TD(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23ECF3202A AUTOTRONICS & SAFETY A ATS 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23ECF3202E AUTOTRONICS & SAFETY E ATS 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23ECF3202R AUTOTRONICS & SAFETY R ATS 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23ECF3203A AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES A AV 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23ECF3203E AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES E AV 5 0 0 0 5 5
TD(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23ECF3203R AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES R AV 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23ECF3304A
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN A HEVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23ECF3304E
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN E HEVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
TD(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 150 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 149
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
15 PEC PE-3 23ECF3304R
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN R HEVD 3 0 2 4 5 9
TD(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23ECF3405M SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES M SPV 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23ECF3406M VEHICLE DYNAMICS M VD 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23ECF3507
THERMAL MANAGEMENT OF 
ELECTRIC AND ELECTRONIC 
SYSTEMS
R TMEES 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23ECF3508
ALTERNATE ENERGY SOURCES FOR 
AUTOMOBILES R AESFA 3 0 0 0 3 3
TD(1) 
Rule:1
44. SPECIALIZATION: BIOINFORMATICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08A
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING A DDPE 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08E
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING E DDPE 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08R
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING R DDPE 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23BIS3101A
MOLECULAR MODELLING AND DRUG 
DESIGN A MMDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23BIS3101E
MOLECULAR MODELLING AND DRUG 
DESIGN E MMDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23BIS3101R
MOLECULAR MODELLING AND DRUG 
DESIGN R MMDD 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23BIS3202A BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS A BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23BIS3202E BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS E BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23BIS3202R BIOMEDICAL INFORMATICS R BMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23BIS3203A PYTHON AND R PROGRAMMING A P&RP 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23BIS3203E PYTHON AND R PROGRAMMING E P&RP 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23BIS3203R PYTHON AND R PROGRAMMING R P&RP 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23BIS3304A STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY A SB 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23BIS3304E STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY E SB 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23BIS3304R STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY R SB 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23BIS3405M APPLIED BIOINFORMATICS M ABI 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23BIS3406M
NGS SEQUENCING AND DATA 
ANALYSIS M NGSDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23BIS3507 SYSTEMS BIOLOGY R SSB 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 151 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 150
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
19 PEC PE-5 23BIS3508
DATABASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
FOR BIOLOGIST R DBMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
45. SPECIALIZATION: BLOCKCHAIN ENGINEERING FOR WEB3
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08A
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES A EBCMDC 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08E
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES E EBCMDC 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08R
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES R EBCMDC 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23BEW3101A
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY, CRYPTOCURRENCIES 
AND TOKENS
A ITBTCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23BEW3101E
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY, CRYPTOCURRENCIES 
AND TOKENS
E ITBTCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23BEW3101R
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
TECHNOLOGY, CRYPTOCURRENCIES 
AND TOKENS
R ITBTCT 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23BEW3202A SMART CONTRACTS A SCR 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23BEW3202E SMART CONTRACTS E SCR 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23BEW3202R SMART CONTRACTS R SCR 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23BEW3303A
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS 
AND DECENTRALIZED WEB A DADW 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23BEW3303E
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS 
AND DECENTRALIZED WEB E DADW 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23BEW3303R
DECENTRALIZED APPLICATIONS 
AND DECENTRALIZED WEB R DADW 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23BEW3404M
BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORMS AND 
PROTOCOLS M BCPAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-4 23BEW3405M BLOCKCHAIN SECURITY M BCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-4 23BEW3406M ORACLES AND DATA FEEDS M ODF 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-5 23BEW3507
BLOCKCHAIN SCALABILITY AND 
LAYER 2 SOLUTIONS R BCSALS 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-5 23BEW3508
REGULATORY LANDSCAPE AND 
COMPLIANCE R RLAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23BEW3509
FUTURE TRENDS IN BLOCKCHAIN 
AND WEB3 R FTBCAW 3 0 0 0 3 3
46. SPECIALIZATION: CLOUD AND EDGE COMPUTING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS04A
CLOUD BASED SOLUTIONS 
ARCHITECT A CBSA 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 152 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 151
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS04E
CLOUD BASED SOLUTIONS 
ARCHITECT E CBSA 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS04R
CLOUD BASED SOLUTIONS 
ARCHITECT R CBSA 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CEC3101A
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SERVICES A CIS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CEC3101E
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SERVICES E CIS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CEC3101R
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SERVICES R CIS 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CEC3202A ADVANCED OPERATING SYSTEMS A AOS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CEC3202E ADVANCED OPERATING SYSTEMS E AOS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CEC3202R ADVANCED OPERATING SYSTEMS R AOS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23CEC3203A
FUNCTIONAL & CONCURRENT 
PROGRAMMING A FCP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23CEC3203E
FUNCTIONAL & CONCURRENT 
PROGRAMMING E FCP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23CEC3203R
FUNCTIONAL & CONCURRENT 
PROGRAMMING R FCP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-2 23CEC3204A CLOUD DEVOPS A CD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-2 23CEC3204E CLOUD DEVOPS E CD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-2 23CEC3204R CLOUD DEVOPS R CD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-3 23CEC3305A
CLOUD & SERVERLESS COMPUTING 
A CSC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-3 23CEC3305E
CLOUD & SERVERLESS COMPUTING 
E CSC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-3 23CEC3305R
CLOUD & SERVERLESS COMPUTING 
R CSC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-4 23CEC3406M
ADVANCED COMPUTER 
ARCHITECTURE M ACA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
20 PEC PE-4 23CEC3407M PARALLEL ALGORITHMS M PA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
21 PEC PE-4 23CEC3408M CLOUD SECURITY M CS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
22 PEC PE-4 23CEC3409M ARCHITECTING CLOUD SOLUTIONS* M ACS 3 0 0 0 3 3
23 PEC PE-5 23CEC3510 EDGE COMPUTING R EC 3 0 0 0 3 3
24 PEC PE-5 23CEC3511 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING R HPC 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 153 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 152
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
25 PEC PE-5 23CEC3512
DESIGN OF DISTRIBUTED 
APPLICATIONS ON CLOUD (DDA) R DDAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
26 PEC PE-5 23CEC3513 CLOUD NETWORKING R CN 3 0 0 0 3 3
47. SPECIALIZATION: CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN AND ENGINEERING?
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS16A CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN A CISD 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS16E CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN E CISD 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS16R CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE DESIGN R CISD 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CID3101A
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ENGINEERING A CIE 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CID3101E
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ENGINEERING E CIE 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CID3101R
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ENGINEERING R CIE 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CID3202A
ENTERPRISE CLOUD COMPUTING: 
TECHNOLOGY, ARCHITECTURE, 
APPLICATIONS
A ECT 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CID3202E
ENTERPRISE CLOUD COMPUTING: 
TECHNOLOGY, ARCHITECTURE, 
APPLICATIONS
E ECT 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CID3202R
ENTERPRISE CLOUD COMPUTING: 
TECHNOLOGY, ARCHITECTURE, 
APPLICATIONS
R ECT 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23CID3203A
ARCHITECTING HIGHLY AVAILABLE 
AND SCALABLE CLOUD 
ENVIRONMENTS
A AHASCE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23CID3203E
ARCHITECTING HIGHLY AVAILABLE 
AND SCALABLE CLOUD 
ENVIRONMENTS
E AHASCE 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23CID3203R
ARCHITECTING HIGHLY AVAILABLE 
AND SCALABLE CLOUD 
ENVIRONMENTS
R AHASCE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23CID3304A
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ARCHITECTURE AND ENGINEERING A CIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23CID3304E
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ARCHITECTURE AND ENGINEERING E CIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23CID3304R
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE 
ARCHITECTURE AND ENGINEERING R CIA 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23CID3405M
RELIABLE CLOUD 
INFRASTRUCTURE: DESIGN & 
PROCESS
M RID 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23CID3406M
HYBRID CLOUD INTEGRATION AND 
MANAGEMENT M HCIM 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 154 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 153
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
18 PEC PE-5 23CID3507 CLOUD ENGINEERING R CE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23CID3508
CLOUD DATA MANAGEMENT AND 
STORAGE SOLUTIONS R CDMSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
48. SPECIALIZATION: CLOUD NATIVE SECURITY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05A
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY A CBSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05E
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY E CBSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05R
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY R CBSS 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CNS3101A
INTRODUCTION TO CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING A ITCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CNS3101E
INTRODUCTION TO CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING E ITCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CNS3101R
INTRODUCTION TO CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING R ITCNC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CNS3202A
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD 
SECURITY A FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CNS3202E
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD 
SECURITY E FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CNS3202R
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD 
SECURITY R FOCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23CNS3303A CONTAINER SECURITY A CTSY 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23CNS3303E CONTAINER SECURITY E CTSY 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23CNS3303R CONTAINER SECURITY R CTSY 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23CNS3404M MICROSERVICES SECURITY M MSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-4 23CNS3405M
INFRASTRUCTURE AS CODE 
SECURITY M ISACS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-4 23CNS3406M
IDENTITY AND ACCESS 
MANAGEMENT IN CLOUD NATIVE 
ENVIRONMENTS
M IAMCNE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23CNS3407M
NETWORK SECURITY IN CLOUD 
NATIVE ARCHITECTURES M NSCNA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-5 23CNS3508
MONITORING AND LOGGING FOR 
CLOUD NATIVE SECURITY R MLCNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23CNS3509
COMPLIANCE AND GOVERNANCE IN 
CLOUD NATIVE ENVIRONMENTS R CGCNE 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23CNS3510 SERVERLESS SECURITY R SLSY 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 155 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 154
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
20 PEC PE-5 23CNS3511
CLOUD NATIVE SECURITY TOOLS 
AND SOLUTIONS R CNSTAS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
21 PEC PE-5 23CNS3512
FUTURE TRENDS IN CLOUD NATIVE 
SECURITY R FTCNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
49. SPECIALIZATION: CLOUD NATIVE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS15A
SOFTWARE DESIGN WITH CLOUD 
NATIVE COMPUTING A SDCNC 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS15E
SOFTWARE DESIGN WITH CLOUD 
NATIVE COMPUTING E SDCNC 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS15R
SOFTWARE DESIGN WITH CLOUD 
NATIVE COMPUTING R SDCNC 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CNE3101A
FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING A FCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CNE3101E
FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING E FCNC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CNE3101R
FOUNDATIONS OF CLOUD NATIVE 
COMPUTING R FCNC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CNE3202A
CLOUD NATIVE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A CNAD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CNE3202E
CLOUD NATIVE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E CNAD 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CNE3202R
CLOUD NATIVE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R CNAD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23CNE3203A CLOUD NATIVE DESIGN PROCESS A CNDP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23CNE3203E CLOUD NATIVE DESIGN PROCESS E CNDP 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23CNE3203R CLOUD NATIVE DESIGN PROCESS R CNDP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23CNE3304A
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FOR 
CLOUD COMPUTING A SEC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23CNE3304E
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FOR 
CLOUD COMPUTING E SEC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23CNE3304R
SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FOR 
CLOUD COMPUTING R SEC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23CNE3405M
SERVERLESS COMPUTING AND 
EVENT-DRIVEN ARCHITECTURES M SCEDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23CNE3406M
CLOUD NATIVE SOFTWARE 
ARCHITECTURES M CNSA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23CNE3507
CLOUD NATIVE NETWORKING AND 
STORAGE SYSTEMS R CNNSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23CNE3508
CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
VIRTUALIZATION R CIAV 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 156 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 155
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
50. SPECIALIZATION: CLOUD-BASED SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS14A
CLOUD ARCHITECTURES FOR 
SCIENTIFIC WORKLOADS A CASW 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS14E
CLOUD ARCHITECTURES FOR 
SCIENTIFIC WORKLOADS E CASW 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS14R
CLOUD ARCHITECTURES FOR 
SCIENTIFIC WORKLOADS R CASW 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CSC3101A
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD-BASED 
SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING A FCS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CSC3101E
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD-BASED 
SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING E FCS 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CSC3101R
FUNDAMENTALS OF CLOUD-BASED 
SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING R FCS 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CSC3202A
DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENTIFIC 
APPLICATIONS USING CLOUD-BASED 
TECHNOLOGY
A DSA 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CSC3202E
DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENTIFIC 
APPLICATIONS USING CLOUD-BASED 
TECHNOLOGY
E DSA 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CSC3202R
DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENTIFIC 
APPLICATIONS USING CLOUD-BASED 
TECHNOLOGY
R DSA 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23CSC3203A
DISTRIBUTED SCIENTIFIC 
COMPUTING IN THE CLOUD A DSCC 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23CSC3203E
DISTRIBUTED SCIENTIFIC 
COMPUTING IN THE CLOUD E DSCC 5 0 0 0 5 5
OS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23CSC3203R
DISTRIBUTED SCIENTIFIC 
COMPUTING IN THE CLOUD R DSCC 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23CSC3304A
CLOUD BASED HIGH PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING A CHC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23CSC3304E
CLOUD BASED HIGH PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING E CHC 4 0 4 4 7 12
OS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23CSC3304R
CLOUD BASED HIGH PERFORMANCE 
COMPUTING R CHC 3 0 2 4 5 9
OS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23CSC3405M CLOUD-BASED GRID COMPUTING M CGC 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23CSC3406M
CLOUD COMPUTING FOR SCIENTIFIC 
DISCOVERY M CCFSD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23CSC3508
PARALLEL COMPUTING FOR 
SCIENTISTS USING CLOUD 
PLATFORMS
R PCSCP 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23CSC3507
CLOUD-BASED SCALABLE 
COMPUTING AND BIG DATA 
ANALYTICS
R CSCBD 3 0 0 0 3 3
OS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 157 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 156
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
51. SPECIALIZATION: COMPUTER COMMUNICATION AND 5G TECHNOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC12A
NETWORK PROGRAMMABILITY AND 
AUTOMATION A NPA 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC12E
NETWORK PROGRAMMABILITY AND 
AUTOMATION E NPA 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC12R
NETWORK PROGRAMMABILITY AND 
AUTOMATION R NPA 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CCF3101A TCP/IP & OTHER PROTOCOL SUITE A TCP 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CCF3101E TCP/IP & OTHER PROTOCOL SUITE E TCP 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CCF3101R TCP/IP & OTHER PROTOCOL SUITE R TCP 3 0 2 4 5 9
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CCF3202A
CLOUD COMPUTING AND 
NETWORKS SECURITY A CCNS 5 0 0 0 5 5
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CCF3202E
CLOUD COMPUTING AND 
NETWORKS SECURITY E CCNS 5 0 0 0 5 5
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CCF3202R
CLOUD COMPUTING AND 
NETWORKS SECURITY R CCNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23CCF3303A VOIP AND BROADBAND NETWORKS A VBN 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23CCF3303E VOIP AND BROADBAND NETWORKS E VBN 4 0 4 4 7 12
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23CCF3303R VOIP AND BROADBAND NETWORKS R VBN 3 0 2 4 5 9
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23CCF3404M 5G MOBILE AND IEEE STANDARDS M 5GMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-5 23CCF3505
IP MULTIMEDIA SUB-SYSTEM & 
EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES R IMSET 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-5 23CCF3506
IT SECURITY: DEFENCE AGAINST 
THE DIGITAL DARK ARTS R IMSET 3 0 0 0 3 3
RNW(1) 
Rule:1
52. SPECIALIZATION: CONSTRUCTION TECHNOLOGY AND MANAGEMENT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE04A
PLANNING AND SCHEDULING OF 
RESIDENTIAL BUILDING USING 
PRIMAVERA SOFTWARE
A PSRBPS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE04E
PLANNING AND SCHEDULING OF 
RESIDENTIAL BUILDING USING 
PRIMAVERA SOFTWARE
E PSRBPS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE04R
PLANNING AND SCHEDULING OF 
RESIDENTIAL BUILDING USING 
PRIMAVERA SOFTWARE
R PSRBPS 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CTM3101A
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING A BIM 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 158 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 157
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
5 PEC PE-1 23CTM3101E
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING E BIM 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23CTM3101R
BUILDING INFORMATION 
MODELLING R BIM 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23CTM3202A
ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY A ACT 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23CTM3202E
ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY E ACT 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23CTM3202R
ADVANCED CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY R ACT 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23CTM3203A
SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY A SCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23CTM3203E
SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY E SCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23CTM3203R
SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION 
TECHNOLOGY R SCT 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23CTM3304A
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING & 
SCHEDULING A CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23CTM3304E
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING & 
SCHEDULING E CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23CTM3304R
CONSTRUCTION PLANNING & 
SCHEDULING R CPS 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23CTM3405M CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS M CC 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23CTM3406M
CONSTRUCTION FORMULATION 
APPRAISAL M CFA 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23CTM3507
QUALITY AND SAFETY IN 
CONSTRUCTION R QSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23CTM3508 GREEN BUILDING R GB 3 0 0 0 3 3
53. SPECIALIZATION: CROSS PLATFORM DEVELOPMENT FRAMEWORKS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI04A
ADVANCED ANDROID MOBILE 
APPLICATION WITH CLOUD-BASED 
WEB SERVICES
A AAMA 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI04E
ADVANCED ANDROID MOBILE 
APPLICATION WITH CLOUD-BASED 
WEB SERVICES
E AAMA 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI04R
ADVANCED ANDROID MOBILE 
APPLICATION WITH CLOUD-BASED 
WEB SERVICES
R AAMA 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CPD3101A
FUNDAMENTALS OF MOBILE 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT A FMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23CPD3101E
FUNDAMENTALS OF MOBILE 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT E FMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 159 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 158
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
6 PEC PE-1 23CPD3101R
FUNDAMENTALS OF MOBILE 
APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT R FMAD 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23CPD3202A
REACT NATIVE FOR ANDROID AND 
IOS DEVELOPMENT A RNA 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23CPD3202E
REACT NATIVE FOR ANDROID AND 
IOS DEVELOPMENT E RNA 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23CPD3202R
REACT NATIVE FOR ANDROID AND 
IOS DEVELOPMENT R RNA 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23CPD3203A
FRAMEWORK BASED CROSS 
PLATFORM APP DEVELOPMENT A FBCPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23CPD3203E
FRAMEWORK BASED CROSS 
PLATFORM APP DEVELOPMENT E FBCPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23CPD3203R
FRAMEWORK BASED CROSS 
PLATFORM APP DEVELOPMENT R FBCPD 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23CPD3304A
SECURE MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A SMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23CPD3304E
SECURE MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E SMAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23CPD3304R
SECURE MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R SMAD 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23CPD3406M
META REACT NATIVE 
SPECIALIZATION M MRNS 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23CPD3405M UX DESIGN M UXD 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23CPD3507
ADVANCED MOBILE APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R AMAD 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23CPD3508
CROSS PLATFORM USER INTERFACE 
DESIGN R CPED 3 0 0 0 3 3
54. SPECIALIZATION: CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS AND IOT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN06A EMBEDDED AND IOT ROGRAMMING A IOTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN06E EMBEDDED AND IOT ROGRAMMING E IOTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN06R EMBEDDED AND IOT ROGRAMMING R IOTHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CPS3101A
IOT SENSING AND ACTUATING 
DEVICES A ISAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CPS3101E
IOT SENSING AND ACTUATING 
DEVICES E ISAD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CPS3101R
IOT SENSING AND ACTUATING 
DEVICES R ISAD 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CPS3202A
INTERNET OF THINGS 
ARCHITECTURES AND PROTOCOLS A IOTAP 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CPS3202E
INTERNET OF THINGS 
ARCHITECTURES AND PROTOCOLS E IOTAP 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 160 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 159
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
9 PEC PE-2 23CPS3202R
INTERNET OF THINGS 
ARCHITECTURES AND PROTOCOLS R IOTAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23CPS3303A CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS A CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23CPS3303E CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS E CPS 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23CPS3303R CYBER PHYSICAL SYSTEMS R CPS 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23CPS3404M
FOUNDATIONS OF HYBRID AND 
EMBEDED SYSTEMS M DVP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-5 23CPS3505
CLOUD COMPUTING FOR IOT 
ENGINEERS R CCIOTE 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-5 23CPS3506 WIRELESS SENSOR NETWORKS R WSN 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-5 23CPS3507 EDGE COMPUTING R EC 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
55. SPECIALIZATION: CYBER SECURITY AND BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05A
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY A CBSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05E
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY E CBSS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS05R
CLOUD BASED SECURITY 
SPECIALITY R CBSS 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23CSB3101A CRYPT ANALYSIS & CYBER DEFENSE A CACD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23CSB3101E CRYPT ANALYSIS & CYBER DEFENSE E CACD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23CSB3101R CRYPT ANALYSIS & CYBER DEFENSE R CACD 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23CSB3202A
NETWORK AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY A NIS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23CSB3202E
NETWORK AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY E NIS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23CSB3202R
NETWORK AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
SECURITY R NIS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23CSB3203A
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
AND CRYPTO CURRENCIES A IBCC 3 0 4 0 5 7
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23CSB3203E
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
AND CRYPTO CURRENCIES E IBCC 3 0 4 0 5 7
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23CSB3203R
INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN 
AND CRYPTO CURRENCIES R IBCC 2 0 2 0 3 4
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23CSB3304A DIGITAL FORENSICS A DF 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 161 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 160
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
14 PEC PE-3 23CSB3304E DIGITAL FORENSICS E DF 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23CSB3304R DIGITAL FORENSICS R DF 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23CSB3405M DATABASE  SYSTEM AND SECURITY M DSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23CSB3406M
PROGRAMMING FOR SMART 
CONTRACTS M PSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-4 23CSB3407M CLOUD SECURITY M CS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23CSB3508 SECURE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING R SSE 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
20 PEC PE-5 23CSB3509 WEB SECURITY R WS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
21 PEC PE-5 23CSB3510
SECURITY GOVERNANCE & 
MANAGEMENT R SGM 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
56. SPECIALIZATION: DATA COMMUNICATIONS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC13A
5G PRIVATE AND INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION NETWORKS A 5PIA 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC13E
5G PRIVATE AND INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION NETWORKS E 5PIA 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC13R
5G PRIVATE AND INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION NETWORKS R 5PIA 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23DCS3101A
4G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES AND 
CELLULAR COMMUNICATION A 4GW 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23DCS3101E
4G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES AND 
CELLULAR COMMUNICATION E 4GW 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23DCS3101R
4G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES AND 
CELLULAR COMMUNICATION R 4GW 3 0 2 4 5 9
WC(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23DCS3202A
MODERN SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS A MSCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
WC(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23DCS3202E
MODERN SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS E MSCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
WC(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23DCS3202R
MODERN SATELLITE 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS R MSCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
WC(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23DCS3303A 5G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES A 5GWT 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23DCS3303E 5G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES E 5GWT 4 0 4 4 7 12
WC(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23DCS3303R 5G WIRELESS TECHNOLOGIES R 5GWT 3 0 2 4 5 9
WC(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23DCS3404M
OPTICAL WIRELESS 
COMMUNICATIONS M PWC 3 0 0 0 3 3
WC(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 162 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 161
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
14 PEC PE-5 23DCS3505
MACHINE LEARNING FOR WIRELESS 
COMMUNICATION R MLWC 3 0 0 0 3 3
WC(1) 
Rule:1
57. SPECIALIZATION: DATA ENGINEERING FOR AI
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD11A AI-DRIVEN DATA ENGINEERING A ADDE 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD11E AI-DRIVEN DATA ENGINEERING E ADDE 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD11R AI-DRIVEN DATA ENGINEERING R ADDE 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23DEA3101A
FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA 
ENGINEERING A FDE 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23DEA3101E
FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA 
ENGINEERING E FDE 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23DEA3101R
FUNDAMENTALS OF DATA 
ENGINEERING R FDE 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23DEA3202A
DATA EXPLORATION AND 
PREPARATION A DEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23DEA3202E
DATA EXPLORATION AND 
PREPARATION E DEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23DEA3202R
DATA EXPLORATION AND 
PREPARATION R DEP 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23DEA3303A BIG DATA TECHNOLOGIES A BDT 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23DEA3303E BIG DATA TECHNOLOGIES E BDT 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23DEA3303R BIG DATA TECHNOLOGIES R BDT 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23DEA3404M
DATA WAREHOUSING AND BUSINESS 
INTELLIGENCE M DWBI 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-5 23DEA3505R
MACHINE LEARNING ENGINEERING 
FOR BIG DATA R MLEBD 3 0 0 0 3 3
58. SPECIALIZATION: DATA SCIENCE AND BIG DATA ANALYTICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS08A
CLOUD BASED DATA ANALYTICS 
SPECIALITY A CBDAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS08E
CLOUD BASED DATA ANALYTICS 
SPECIALITY E CBDAS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS08R
CLOUD BASED DATA ANALYTICS 
SPECIALITY R CBDAS 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23DSB3101A
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION A DAV 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23DSB3101E
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION E DAV 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23DSB3101R
DATA ANALYTICS AND 
VISUALIZATION R DAV 3 0 2 4 5 9

=== PAGE 163 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 162
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
7 PEC PE-2 23DSB3202A DATA WAREHOUSING AND MINING A DWHM 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23DSB3202E DATA WAREHOUSING AND MINING E DWHM 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23DSB3202R DATA WAREHOUSING AND MINING R DWHM 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23DSB3303A BIG DATA ANALYTICS A BDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23DSB3303E BIG DATA ANALYTICS E BDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23DSB3303R BIG DATA ANALYTICS R BDA 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23DSB3404M BIG DATA OPTIMIZATION M BDO 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-4 23DSB3407M DATA ANALYTICS ON CLOUD M DAC 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-4 23DSB3408M DIGITAL MEDIA ANALYTICS M DMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-4 23DSB3406M DIGITAL VIDEO PROCESSING M DVP 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-5 23DSB3509 ADVANCED DATABASES R AD 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23DSB3510 BUSINESS ANALYTICS R BA 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23DSB3511 GRAPH & WEB ANALYTICS R GWA 3 0 0 0 3 3
20 PEC PE-5 23DSB3512 DATA GOVERNANCE ON CLOUD R DGC 3 0 0 0 3 3
59. SPECIALIZATION: DISTRIBUTED LEDGER ANALYTICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08A
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES A EBCMDC 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08E
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES E EBCMDC 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD08R
EMERGING BLOCKCHAIN MODELS 
FOR DIGITAL CURRENCIES R EBCMDC 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23DLA3101A
SYSTEM & NETWORK TRAFFIC 
SECURITY ANALYTICS A SNTSA 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23DLA3101E
SYSTEM & NETWORK TRAFFIC 
SECURITY ANALYTICS E SNTSA 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23DLA3101R
SYSTEM & NETWORK TRAFFIC 
SECURITY ANALYTICS R SNTSA 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23DLA3202A AUTOMATED NETWORK ANALYSIS A ANA 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23DLA3202E AUTOMATED NETWORK ANALYSIS E ANA 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23DLA3202R AUTOMATED NETWORK ANALYSIS R ANA 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23DLA3203A
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FOR 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION A BTDT 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23DLA3203E
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FOR 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION E BTDT 5 0 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 164 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 163
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
12 PEC PE-2 23DLA3203R
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY FOR 
DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION R BTDT 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23DLA3304A MULTI AGENT SYSTEMS A MAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23DLA3304E MULTI AGENT SYSTEMS E MAS 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23DLA3304R MULTI AGENT SYSTEMS R MAS 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23DLA3405M BLOCKCHAIN ANALYTICS M BCA 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23DLA3406M
CRYPTOCURRENCY AND 
BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY M CBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23DLA3507
DISTRIBUTED LEDGER 
ARCHITECTURE FOR AUTOMATION R DLAA 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23DLA3508
PERMISSIONED DISTRIBUTED 
LEDGER R PDL 3 0 0 0 3 3
60. SPECIALIZATION: EMBEDDED SYSTEMS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC14A EMBEDDED PROTOTYPE A EPT 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC14E EMBEDDED PROTOTYPE E EPT 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC14R EMBEDDED PROTOTYPE R EPT 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23EDS3101A ADVANCED EMBEDDED SYSTEMS A AES 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23EDS3101E ADVANCED EMBEDDED SYSTEMS E AES 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23EDS3101R ADVANCED EMBEDDED SYSTEMS R AES 3 0 2 4 5 9
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23EDS3202A EMBEDDED SYSTEMS FOR IOT A ESIOT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23EDS3202E EMBEDDED SYSTEMS FOR IOT E ESIOT 5 0 0 0 5 5
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23EDS3202R EMBEDDED SYSTEMS FOR IOT R ESIOT 3 0 0 0 3 3
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23EDS3303A
EMBEDDED AND REAL-TIME 
SYSTEMS A ERTS 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23EDS3303E
EMBEDDED AND REAL-TIME 
SYSTEMS E ERTS 4 0 4 4 7 12
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23EDS3303R
EMBEDDED AND REAL-TIME 
SYSTEMS R ERTS 3 0 2 4 5 9
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23EDS3404M CLOUD ARCHITECTURE IN IOT M CAIOT 3 0 0 0 3 3
ESD(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-5 23EDS3505
EDGE COMPUTING & DATA 
ANALYTICS IN IOT R ECDAI 3 0 0 0 3 3
ESD(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 165 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 164
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
61. SPECIALIZATION: E-MOBILITY ENGINEERING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE06A EVT HARDWARE PROTOTYPING A EVTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE06E EVT HARDWARE PROTOTYPING E EVTHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE06R EVT HARDWARE PROTOTYPING R EVTHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23EME3101A
POWER TRAIN DESIGN FOR 
ELECTRIC VEHICLE A PTDEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23EME3101E
POWER TRAIN DESIGN FOR 
ELECTRIC VEHICLE E PTDEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23EME3101R
POWER TRAIN DESIGN FOR 
ELECTRIC VEHICLE R PTDEV 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23EME3202A
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS & 
TESTING OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE A CPTEV 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23EME3202E
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS & 
TESTING OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE E CPTEV 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23EME3202R
COMMUNICATION PROTOCOLS & 
TESTING OF ELECTRIC VEHICLE R CPTEV 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23EME3203A
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS A AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23EME3203E
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS E AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23EME3203R
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS R AVAE 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23EME3304A
CHARGING STATIONS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLES A CSEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23EME3304E
CHARGING STATIONS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLES E CSEV 4 0 4 4 7 12
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23EME3304R
CHARGING STATIONS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLES R CSEV 3 0 2 4 5 9
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23EME3405M
INTRODUCTION TO BATTERY-
MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS M IBMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23EME3406M
BATTERY STATE ESTIMATION 
ALGORITHMS FOR ELECTRIC 
VEHICLE 
M BSAEV 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23EME3507 AI AND IOT FOR ELECTRIC VEHICLE R AIEV 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23EME3508 EV SYSTEM AND WIRING DESIGN R ESWS 3 0 0 0 3 3
ELM(1) 
Rule:1
62. SPECIALIZATION: ENGINEERING DESIGN
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDME05A
3D MODELLING AND DIGITAL 
PROTOTYPING A 3DMDP 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDME05E
3D MODELLING AND DIGITAL 
PROTOTYPING E 3DMDP 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 166 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 165
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDME05R
3D MODELLING AND DIGITAL 
PROTOTYPING R 3DMDP 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23EGD3101A
MODELING ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF 
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS A MADRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23EGD3101E
MODELING ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF 
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS E MADRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23EGD3101R
MODELING ANALYSIS & DESIGN OF 
ROBOTIC SYSTEMS R MADRS 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23EGD3202A
CREEP, FATIGUE AND FRACTURE 
MECHANICS A CFFM 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23EGD3202E
CREEP, FATIGUE AND FRACTURE 
MECHANICS E CFFM 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23EGD3202R
CREEP, FATIGUE AND FRACTURE 
MECHANICS R CFFM 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23EGD3203A
THEORY OF ELASTICITY AND 
PLASTICITY A TEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23EGD3203E
THEORY OF ELASTICITY AND 
PLASTICITY E TEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23EGD3203R
THEORY OF ELASTICITY AND 
PLASTICITY R TEP 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23EGD3304A
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN ENGINEERING 
DESIGN
A SDSIED 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23EGD3304E
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN ENGINEERING 
DESIGN
E SDSIED 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23EGD3304R
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN ENGINEERING 
DESIGN
R SDSIED 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23EGD3405M ADVANCED VIBRATIONS M AV 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23EGD3406M
MECHANICS OF COMPOSITE 
MATERIALS M MOCM 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23EGD3507
ADVANCED STRENGTH OF 
MATERIALS R ASM 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23EGD3508
HYBRID AND ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
DESIGN R HEVD 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
63. SPECIALIZATION: GAME DEVELOPMENT AND UX DESIGN
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06A CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER A CGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06E CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER E CGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06R CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER R CGD 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23GDU3101A
PROGRAMMING FOR GAME 
DEVELOPMENT A PGD 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 167 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 166
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
5 PEC PE-1 23GDU3101E
PROGRAMMING FOR GAME 
DEVELOPMENT E PGD 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23GDU3101R
PROGRAMMING FOR GAME 
DEVELOPMENT R PGD 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23GDU3202A UX DESIGN A UD 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23GDU3202E UX DESIGN E UD 5 0 0 0 5 5
GN(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23GDU3202R UX DESIGN R UD 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23GDU3303A
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT A AR&VR 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23GDU3303E
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT E AR&VR 4 0 4 4 7 12
GN(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23GDU3303R
AR & VR APPLICATION 
DEVELOPMENT R AR&VR 3 0 2 4 5 9
GN(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23GDU3404M COMPUTER GRAPHICS M CG 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-4 23GDU3405M 3D MODELLING & ANIMATION M 3DMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-5 23GDU3506 PRINCIPLES OF GAME DESIGN R PRGD 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-5 23GDU3507
BUSINESS OF GAMES & 
ENTREPRENEURSHIP R BGE 3 0 0 0 3 3
GN(1) 
Rule:1
64. SPECIALIZATION: GEOTECHNICAL AND TRANSPORTATION ENGINEERING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE05A
DESIGN OF THE PAVEMENT BY 
USING MX ROADS A DPMX 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE05E
DESIGN OF THE PAVEMENT BY 
USING MX ROADS E DPMX 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE05R
DESIGN OF THE PAVEMENT BY 
USING MX ROADS R DPMX 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23GTE3101A
ADVANCED FOUNDATION 
ENGINEERING A AFE 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23GTE3101E
ADVANCED FOUNDATION 
ENGINEERING E AFE 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23GTE3101R
ADVANCED FOUNDATION 
ENGINEERING R AFE 3 0 2 4 5 9
SM(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23GTE3202A
INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEMS A ITS 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23GTE3202E
INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEMS E ITS 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23GTE3202R
INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION 
SYSTEMS R ITS 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 168 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 167
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
10 PEC PE-2 23GTE3203A
GROUND IMPROVEMENT 
TECHNIQUES A GIT 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23GTE3203E
GROUND IMPROVEMENT 
TECHNIQUES E GIT 5 0 0 0 5 5
SM(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23GTE3203R
GROUND IMPROVEMENT 
TECHNIQUES R GIT 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23GTE3304A PAVEMENT MATERIALS &DESIGN A PMD 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23GTE3304E PAVEMENT MATERIALS &DESIGN E PMD 4 0 4 4 7 12
SM(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23GTE3304R PAVEMENT MATERIALS &DESIGN R PMD 3 0 2 4 5 9
SM(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23GTE3405M
URBAN TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS 
PLANNING M UTSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23GTE3406M
GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE 
ENGINEERING M BIE 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23GTE3507
TRAFFIC ENGINEERING AND 
MANAGEMENT R TEM 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23GTE3508
DESIGN OF EARTH RETAINING 
STRUCTURES R DERS 3 0 0 0 3 3
SM(1) 
Rule:1
65. SPECIALIZATION: GREEN ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE05A
MODELING AND SIMULATION OF 
GREEN ENERGY SYSTEMS A GML 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE05E
MODELING AND SIMULATION OF 
GREEN ENERGY SYSTEMS E GML 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE05R
MODELING AND SIMULATION OF 
GREEN ENERGY SYSTEMS R GML 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23GET3101A
SOLAR PV AND MICRO ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGIES A SPMET 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23GET3101E
SOLAR PV AND MICRO ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGIES E SPMET 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23GET3101R
SOLAR PV AND MICRO ENERGY 
TECHNOLOGIES R SPMET 3 0 2 4 5 9
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23GET3202A
WIND AND ENERGY STORAGE 
TECHNOLOGIES A WEST 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23GET3202E
WIND AND ENERGY STORAGE 
TECHNOLOGIES E WEST 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23GET3202R
WIND AND ENERGY STORAGE 
TECHNOLOGIES R WEST 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23GET3203A ENERGY ECONOMICS AND POLICY A EEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23GET3203E ENERGY ECONOMICS AND POLICY E EEP 5 0 0 0 5 5
EPE(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 169 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 168
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
12 PEC PE-2 23GET3203R ENERGY ECONOMICS AND POLICY R EEP 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23GET3304A
GRID INTEGRATION OF RENEWABLE 
ENERGY SOURCES A GIRES 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23GET3304E
GRID INTEGRATION OF RENEWABLE 
ENERGY SOURCES E GIRES 4 0 4 4 7 12
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23GET3304R
GRID INTEGRATION OF RENEWABLE 
ENERGY SOURCES R GIRES 3 0 2 4 5 9
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23GET3405M
ENERGY MANAGEMENT AND GREEN 
BUILDING M EMGB 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23GET3406M
HYDROGEN FUEL CELL 
TECHNOLOGY M HFCT 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23GET3507
AI AND IOT FOR GREEN ENERGY 
INTEGRATION R AIGEI 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23GET3508
POWER ELECTRONICS FOR 
RENEWABLE ENERGY SYSTEMS R PERES 3 0 0 0 3 3
EPE(1) 
Rule:1
66. SPECIALIZATION: HARDWARE-SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN FOR SECURITY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS21A
HARDWARE SOFTWARE CODESIGN 
IMPLEMENTATION FOR SECURITY 
SPECILAITY
A HSCISS 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS21E
HARDWARE SOFTWARE CODESIGN 
IMPLEMENTATION FOR SECURITY 
SPECILAITY
E HSCISS 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS21R
HARDWARE SOFTWARE CODESIGN 
IMPLEMENTATION FOR SECURITY 
SPECILAITY
R HSCISS 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23HSS3101A
INTRODUCTION TO HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN A ITHSCD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23HSS3101E
INTRODUCTION TO HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN E ITHSCD 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23HSS3101R
INTRODUCTION TO HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN R ITHSCD 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23HSS3202A
FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER 
SECURITY A FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23HSS3202E
FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER 
SECURITY E FOCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23HSS3202R
FUNDAMENTALS OF COMPUTER 
SECURITY R FOCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23HSS3303A HARDWARE SECURITY MECHANISMS A HSM 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23HSS3303E HARDWARE SECURITY MECHANISMS E HSM 4 0 4 4 7 12
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23HSS3303R HARDWARE SECURITY MECHANISMS R HSM 3 0 2 4 5 9
NPS(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 170 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 169
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
13 PEC PE-4 23HSS3404M SOFTWARE SECURITY PRINCIPLES M SSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-4 23HSS3405M
SECURE CO-DESIGN 
METHODOLOGIES M SCDM 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-4 23HSS3406M
HARDWARE TROJAN DETECTION 
AND PREVENTION M HTDAP 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-5 23HSS3507
SIDE-CHANNEL ATTACKS AND 
COUNTERMEASURES R SCACM 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-5 23HSS3508
FORMAL METHODS FOR HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE SECURITY R FMHSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23HSS3509
TRUSTED PLATFORM MODULES AND 
SECURE ELEMENTS R TPMASE 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23HSS3510
SECURE COMMUNICATION 
PROTOCOLS AND APIS R SCPA 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
20 PEC PE-5 23HSS3511 HARDWARE-SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN R HSCCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
21 PEC PE-5 23HSS3512
FUTURE TRENDS IN HARDWARE-
SOFTWARE CO-DESIGN FOR 
SECURITY
R FTHSCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
NPS(1) 
Rule:1
67. SPECIALIZATION: HEALTHCARE DATA ANALYTICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08A
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING A DDPE 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08E
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING E DDPE 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT08R
DRUG DESIGN: PRINCIPLES AND 
ENGINEERING R DDPE 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23HDA3101A
INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FOR DISEASE 
PREDICTION & DRUG DISCOVERY A ISDPDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23HDA3101E
INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FOR DISEASE 
PREDICTION & DRUG DISCOVERY E ISDPDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23HDA3101R
INTELLIGENT SYSTEMS FOR DISEASE 
PREDICTION & DRUG DISCOVERY R ISDPDD 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23HDA3202A BIO MEDICAL INFORMATICS A BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23HDA3202E BIO MEDICAL INFORMATICS E BMI 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23HDA3202R BIO MEDICAL INFORMATICS R BMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23HDA3203A GENETIC PROGRAMMING A GP 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23HDA3203E GENETIC PROGRAMMING E GP 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23HDA3203R GENETIC PROGRAMMING R GP 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-2 23HDA3204A
PYTHON FOR GENOMIC DATA 
SCIENCE A PFGDS 5 0 0 0 5 5

=== PAGE 171 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 170
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
14 PEC PE-2 23HDA3204E
PYTHON FOR GENOMIC DATA 
SCIENCE E PFGDS 5 0 0 0 5 5
15 PEC PE-2 23HDA3204R
PYTHON FOR GENOMIC DATA 
SCIENCE R PFGDS 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-3 23HDA3305A COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE A CNSE 4 0 4 4 7 12
17 PEC PE-3 23HDA3305E COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE E CNSE 4 0 4 4 7 12
18 PEC PE-3 23HDA3305R COMPUTATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE R CNSE 3 0 2 4 5 9
19 PEC PE-4 23HDA3407M
INTRODUCTION TO GENOMIC 
TECHNOLOGIES M IGT 3 0 0 0 3 3
20 PEC PE-4 23HDA3406M
NGS SEQUENCING AND DATA 
ANALYSIS M NGSDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
21 PEC PE-5 23HDA3511
EPI GENETIC CONTROL OF GENE 
EXPRESSION R ECBI 3 0 0 0 3 3
22 PEC PE-5 23HDA3509
MOLECULAR MODELING AND DRUG 
DESIGN R MMDD 3 0 0 0 3 3
23 PEC PE-5 23HDA3510
GENOMIC DATA SCIENCE & 
CLUSTERING R GDSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
68. SPECIALIZATION: INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE07A IA HARDWARE PROTOTYPING A IAHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE07E IA HARDWARE PROTOTYPING E IAHP 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE07R IA HARDWARE PROTOTYPING R IAHP 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23ILA3101A
INTRODUCTION TO INDUSTRIAL 
INTERNET OF THINGS A IIIoT 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23ILA3101E
INTRODUCTION TO INDUSTRIAL 
INTERNET OF THINGS E IIIoT 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23ILA3101R
INTRODUCTION TO INDUSTRIAL 
INTERNET OF THINGS R IIIoT 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23ILA3202A
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION AND 
ROBOTICS A IAR 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23ILA3202E
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION AND 
ROBOTICS E IAR 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23ILA3202R
INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION AND 
ROBOTICS R IAR 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23ILA3203A
EDGE COMPUTING FOR INDUSTRY 
4.0 A ECI 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23ILA3203E
EDGE COMPUTING FOR INDUSTRY 
4.0 E ECI 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23ILA3203R
EDGE COMPUTING FOR INDUSTRY 
4.0 R ECI 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23ILA3304A INDUSTRIAL DRIVES AND CONTROL A ID&C 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 172 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 171
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
14 PEC PE-3 23ILA3304E INDUSTRIAL DRIVES AND CONTROL E ID&C 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23ILA3304R INDUSTRIAL DRIVES AND CONTROL R ID&C 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23ILA3405M
INDUSTRIAL COMMUNICATION 
PROTOCOLS AND CYBER SECURITY M ICPCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23ILA3406M
DIGITAL MANUFACTURING AND 
DESIGN M DMD 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23ILA3508 PLC PROGRAMMING & CONTROL R PLCPC 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23ILA3507
SMART SENSORS AND SENSOR 
NETWORKING R SSSN 3 0 0 0 3 3
69. SPECIALIZATION: INDUSTRIAL BIOTECHNOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT07A
ASPECTS OF BIOCHEMICAL 
ENGINEERING A ABCE 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT07E
ASPECTS OF BIOCHEMICAL 
ENGINEERING E ABCE 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT07R
ASPECTS OF BIOCHEMICAL 
ENGINEERING R ABCE 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23IBT3101A
PHARMACEUTICAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY A PBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23IBT3101E
PHARMACEUTICAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY E PBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23IBT3101R
PHARMACEUTICAL 
BIOTECHNOLOGY R PBT 3 0 2 4 5 9
BO(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23IBT3202A PHARMACOVIGILANCE AND SAFETY A PCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23IBT3202E PHARMACOVIGILANCE AND SAFETY E PCS 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23IBT3202R PHARMACOVIGILANCE AND SAFETY R PCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-3 23IBT3203A
BIOPROCESS ECONOMICS AND 
PLANT DESIGN A BEPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-3 23IBT3203E
BIOPROCESS ECONOMICS AND 
PLANT DESIGN E BEPD 5 0 0 0 5 5
BO(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-3 23IBT3203R
BIOPROCESS ECONOMICS AND 
PLANT DESIGN R BEPD 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-4 23IBT3304A ENZYME ENGINEERING A EE 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-4 23IBT3304E ENZYME ENGINEERING E EE 4 0 4 4 7 12
BO(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-4 23IBT3304R ENZYME ENGINEERING R EE 3 0 2 4 5 9
BO(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23IBT3406M FOOD TECHNOLOGY M FT 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 173 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 172
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
17 PEC PE-5 23IBT3405M
BIOPROCESS VALIDATION AND 
CGMP M BVcGMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23IBT3507 MICROBIAL TECHNOLOGY R MBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23IBT3508 METABOLIC ENGINEERING R MBE 3 0 0 0 3 3
BO(1) 
Rule:1
70. SPECIALIZATION: INTELLIGENT MULTIMEDIA PROCESSING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC15A
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
USING TENSOR FLOW A NLPTF 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC15E
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
USING TENSOR FLOW E NLPTF 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC15R
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
USING TENSOR FLOW R NLPTF 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23IMP3101A
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
& APPLICATIONS A NLPA 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23IMP3101E
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
& APPLICATIONS E NLPA 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23IMP3101R
NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING 
& APPLICATIONS R NLPA 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23IMP3202A DATA ENGINEERING A DE 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23IMP3202E DATA ENGINEERING E DE 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23IMP3202R DATA ENGINEERING R DE 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23IMP3303A
BIO MEDICAL SIGNAL  AND IMAGE 
ANALYSIS A AMSIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23IMP3303E
BIO MEDICAL SIGNAL  AND IMAGE 
ANALYSIS E AMSIA 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23IMP3303R
BIO MEDICAL SIGNAL  AND IMAGE 
ANALYSIS R AMSIA 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23IMP3404M DATA VISUALIZATION M DV 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-5 23IMP3505 MULTI MEDIA PROCESSING R MMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-5 23IMP3506
INTRODUCTION TO QUANTUM 
COMPUTING R MMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
71. SPECIALIZATION: IOT ANALYTICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN05A IOT ANALYTICS FOR THE CLOUD A IOTAC 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN05E IOT ANALYTICS FOR THE CLOUD E IOTAC 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDIN05R IOT ANALYTICS FOR THE CLOUD R IOTAC 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23IOT3101A INDUSTRIAL INTERNET OF THINGS A IIOT 4 0 4 4 7 12

=== PAGE 174 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 173
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
5 PEC PE-1 23IOT3101E INDUSTRIAL INTERNET OF THINGS E IIOT 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23IOT3101R INDUSTRIAL INTERNET OF THINGS R IIOT 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23IOT3202A EDGE COMPUTING A EC 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23IOT3202E EDGE COMPUTING E EC 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23IOT3202R EDGE COMPUTING R EC 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23IOT3203A PRECISION AGRICULTURE A PA 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23IOT3203E PRECISION AGRICULTURE E PA 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23IOT3203R PRECISION AGRICULTURE R PA 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-2 23IOT3204A SMART FARMING A SF 5 0 0 0 5 5
14 PEC PE-2 23IOT3204E SMART FARMING E SF 5 0 0 0 5 5
15 PEC PE-2 23IOT3204R SMART FARMING R SF 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-3 23IOT3305A DEEP LEARNING A DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
17 PEC PE-3 23IOT3305E DEEP LEARNING E DL 4 0 4 4 7 12
18 PEC PE-3 23IOT3305R DEEP LEARNING R DL 3 0 2 4 5 9
19 PEC PE-4 23IOT3406M DATA VISUALIZATION TECHNIQUES M DVT 3 0 0 0 3 3
20 PEC PE-4 23IOT3407M
APPLIED MACHINE LEARNING FOR 
AGRICULTURE M AMLA 3 0 0 0 3 3
21 PEC PE-5 23IOT3508 BIG DATA ANALYTICS R BDA 3 0 0 0 3 3
72. SPECIALIZATION: MEDICAL BIOTECHNOLOGY
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT09A CELL CULTURE TECHNOLOGIES A CCT 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT09E CELL CULTURE TECHNOLOGIES E CCT 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDBT09R CELL CULTURE TECHNOLOGIES R CCT 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23MBT3101A STEM CELL TECHNOLOGY A SCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23MBT3101E STEM CELL TECHNOLOGY E SCT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23MBT3101R STEM CELL TECHNOLOGY R SCT 3 0 2 4 5 9
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23MBT3202A VIROLOGY A VR 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23MBT3202E VIROLOGY E VR 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23MBT3202R VIROLOGY R VR 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 175 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 174
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
10 PEC PE-2 23MBT3203A NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY A NBT 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23MBT3203E NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY E NBT 5 0 0 0 5 5
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23MBT3203R NANOBIOTECHNOLOGY R NBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23MBT3304A HEALTHCARE BIOTECHNOLOGY A HBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23MBT3304E HEALTHCARE BIOTECHNOLOGY E HBT 4 0 4 4 7 12
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23MBT3304R HEALTHCARE BIOTECHNOLOGY R HBT 3 0 2 4 5 9
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23MBT3405M CANCER BIOLOGY M CB 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23MBT3406M NEUROBIOLOGY M NB 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23MBT3507 BIOELECTRONICS & BIOSENSORS R BB 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23MBT3508 TISSUE ENGINEERING R NBT 3 0 0 0 3 3
RACT(1) 
Rule:1
73. SPECIALIZATION: ROBOTICS AND AUTOMATION
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC17A ROBOT DESIGN AND ANALYSIS A RDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC17E ROBOT DESIGN AND ANALYSIS E RDA 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC17R ROBOT DESIGN AND ANALYSIS R RDA 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23RAN3101A
ROBOT MOTION PLANNING, 
DYNAMICS AND CONTROL A RMPDC 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23RAN3101E
ROBOT MOTION PLANNING, 
DYNAMICS AND CONTROL E RMPDC 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23RAN3101R
ROBOT MOTION PLANNING, 
DYNAMICS AND CONTROL R RMPDC 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-1 23RAN3102A
AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOT 
SYSTEMS A AMRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
8 PEC PE-1 23RAN3102E
AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOT 
SYSTEMS E AMRS 4 0 4 4 7 12
9 PEC PE-1 23RAN3102R
AUTONOMOUS MOBILE ROBOT 
SYSTEMS R AMRS 3 0 2 4 5 9
10 PEC PE-2 23RAN3202A
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS A AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23RAN3202E
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS E AVAE 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23RAN3202R
AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES & 
AUTOMOTIVE ELECTRONICS R AVAE 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 176 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 175
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
13 PEC PE-2 23RAN3203A
ROBOT MANIPULATION AND 
WHEELED MOBILE ROBOTS A RMWR 5 0 0 0 5 5
14 PEC PE-2 23RAN3203E
ROBOT MANIPULATION AND 
WHEELED MOBILE ROBOTS E RMWR 5 0 0 0 5 5
15 PEC PE-2 23RAN3203R
ROBOT MANIPULATION AND 
WHEELED MOBILE ROBOTS R RMWR 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-3 23RAN3304A ADVANCED ROBOTICS A AR 4 0 4 4 7 12
17 PEC PE-3 23RAN3304E ADVANCED ROBOTICS E AR 4 0 4 4 7 12
18 PEC PE-3 23RAN3304R ADVANCED ROBOTICS R AR 3 0 2 4 5 9
19 PEC PE-4 23RAN3405M
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE FOR 
ROBOTICS M AIR 3 0 0 0 3 3
20 PEC PE-4 23RAN3406M
HUMAN MACHINE INTERFACE & 
BRAIN MACHINE INTERFACE M HMIBMI 3 0 0 0 3 3
21 PEC PE-5 23RAN3507 COMPUTER VISION & APPLICATIONS R CVA 3 0 0 0 3 3
74. SPECIALIZATION: SMART GRID TECHNOLOGIES
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE04A AI & ML FOR SMART GRIDS A AIMLSG 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE04E AI & ML FOR SMART GRIDS E AIMLSG 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEE04R AI & ML FOR SMART GRIDS R AIMLSG 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23SGT3101A
DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCES 
AND SMART GRIDS A DERSG 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23SGT3101E
DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCES 
AND SMART GRIDS E DERSG 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23SGT3101R
DISTRIBUTED ENERGY RESOURCES 
AND SMART GRIDS R DERSG 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23SGT3202A DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM PRACTICES A DSP 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23SGT3202E DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM PRACTICES E DSP 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23SGT3202R DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM PRACTICES R DSP 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23SGT3203A
MICROGRID DYNAMICS AND 
CONTROL A MDC 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23SGT3203E
MICROGRID DYNAMICS AND 
CONTROL E MDC 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23SGT3203R
MICROGRID DYNAMICS AND 
CONTROL R MDC 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23SGT3304A
ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
AND SCADA A EMS&SCADA 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23SGT3304E
ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
AND SCADA E EMS&SCADA 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23SGT3304R
ENERGY MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS 
AND SCADA R EMS&SCADA 3 0 2 4 5 9

=== PAGE 177 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 176
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
16 PEC PE-4 23SGT3405M
SMART GRID COMMUNICATION AND 
CYBERSECURITY M SGCCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23SGT3406M SMART METERS AND SMART CITIES M SMSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23SGT3507
INTERNET OF THINGS AND SMART 
GRID ANALYTICS R IOT&SGA 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23SGT3508 SMART GRID PROTECTION R SGP 3 0 0 0 3 3
75. SPECIALIZATION: SMART MANUFACTURING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDME06A
GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING AND 
TOLERANCING A GDAT 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDME06E
GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING AND 
TOLERANCING E GDAT 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDME06R
GEOMETRIC DIMENSIONING AND 
TOLERANCING R GDAT 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23SMF3101A
REVERSE ENGINEERING & RAPID 
PROTOTYPING A MMC 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23SMF3101E
REVERSE ENGINEERING & RAPID 
PROTOTYPING E MMC 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23SMF3101R
REVERSE ENGINEERING & RAPID 
PROTOTYPING R MMC 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23SMF3202A
ADVANCED MATERIALS 
MANUFACTURING & TESTING A AMMT 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23SMF3202E
ADVANCED MATERIALS 
MANUFACTURING & TESTING E AMMT 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23SMF3202R
ADVANCED MATERIALS 
MANUFACTURING & TESTING R AMMT 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23SMF3203A
MODERN MANUFACTURING 
PROCESSES A MMP 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23SMF3203E
MODERN MANUFACTURING 
PROCESSES E MMP 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23SMF3203R
MODERN MANUFACTURING 
PROCESSES R MMP 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23SMF3304A
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN SMART 
MANUFACTURING
A SDSISM 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23SMF3304E
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN SMART 
MANUFACTURING
E SDSISM 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23SMF3304R
SUSTAINABLE DESIGN & SOCIAL 
INNOVATION IN SMART 
MANUFACTURING
R SDSISM 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23SMF3405M
ROBOTICS & INDUSTRIAL 
AUTOMATION M RIA 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 178 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 177
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
17 PEC PE-4 23SMF3406M
MECHANICAL MEASUREMENTS AND 
METROLOGY M MMM 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23SMF3507
MACHINE TO MACHINE 
COMMUNICATION R MMC 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23SMF3508
FLEXIBLE MANUFACTURING 
SYSTEMS R FMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
76. SPECIALIZATION: SOCIAL AND DIGITAL MEDIA ANALYTICS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD06A ANALYSIS OF DIGITAL MARKETING A ADM 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD06E ANALYSIS OF DIGITAL MARKETING E ADM 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDAD06R ANALYSIS OF DIGITAL MARKETING R ADM 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23SDM3101A SENTIMENT ANALYSIS A SA 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23SDM3101E SENTIMENT ANALYSIS E SA 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23SDM3101R SENTIMENT ANALYSIS R SA 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23SDM3202A
OPINION MINING & RECOMMENDER 
SYSTEMS A OMRS 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23SDM3202E
OPINION MINING & RECOMMENDER 
SYSTEMS E OMRS 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23SDM3202R
OPINION MINING & RECOMMENDER 
SYSTEMS R OMRS 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-2 23SDM3203A META SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS A MSMA 5 0 0 0 5 5
11 PEC PE-2 23SDM3203E META SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS E MSMA 5 0 0 0 5 5
12 PEC PE-2 23SDM3203R META SOCIAL MEDIA ANALYTICS R MSMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
13 PEC PE-3 23SDM3304A
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING 
ANALYTICS A SMMA 4 0 4 4 7 12
14 PEC PE-3 23SDM3304E
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING 
ANALYTICS E SMMA 4 0 4 4 7 12
15 PEC PE-3 23SDM3304R
SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING 
ANALYTICS R SMMA 3 0 2 4 5 9
16 PEC PE-4 23SDM3405M DIGITAL MEDIA ANALYTICS M DMA 3 0 0 0 3 3
17 PEC PE-4 23SDM3406M ETHICAL SOCIAL MEDIA M ESM 3 0 0 0 3 3
18 PEC PE-5 23SDM3508 SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION R SEO 3 0 0 0 3 3
19 PEC PE-5 23SDM3507
INTELLIGENT SOCIAL MEDIA 
MONITORING SYSTEMS R ISMMS 3 0 0 0 3 3
77. SPECIALIZATION: SOFTWARE MODELLING AND DEVOPS
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI05A CLOUD DEVOPS A CDP 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 179 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 178
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI05E CLOUD DEVOPS E CDP 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCI05R CLOUD DEVOPS R CDP 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23SMD3101A
SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & 
VALIDATION A SVV 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23SMD3101E
SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & 
VALIDATION E SVV 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23SMD3101R
SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & 
VALIDATION R SVV 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23SMD3202A
DESIGN PATTERNS & CLEAN 
CODING TECHNIQUES A DPCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23SMD3202E
DESIGN PATTERNS & CLEAN 
CODING TECHNIQUES E DPCT 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23SMD3202R
DESIGN PATTERNS & CLEAN 
CODING TECHNIQUES R DPCT 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23SMD3303A CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & DEVOPS A CDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23SMD3303E CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & DEVOPS E CDD 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23SMD3303R CONTINUOUS DELIVERY & DEVOPS R CDD 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23SMD3404M SOFTWARE PROJECT MANAGEMENT M SPM 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-4 23SMD3405M
SOFTWARE ARCHITECTURE & 
DESIGN M SAD 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-5 23SMD3506 SOFTWARE RELIABILITY R SR 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-5 23SMD3507
CROSS-PLATFORM USER INTERFACE 
DESIGN R CPUIF 3 0 0 0 3 3
78. SPECIALIZATION: SPATIAL COMPUTING AND IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGIES
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06A CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER A CGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06E CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER E CGD 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCS06R CERTIFIED GAME DEVELOPER R CGD 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23SCI3101A SPATIAL DATA VISUALIZATION A SDV 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23SCI3101E SPATIAL DATA VISUALIZATION E SDV 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23SCI3101R SPATIAL DATA VISUALIZATION R SDV 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23SCI3202A
SPATIAL COMPUTING FOR 
MULTIPLAYER GAMES A SCMG 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23SCI3202E
SPATIAL COMPUTING FOR 
MULTIPLAYER GAMES E SCMG 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23SCI3202R
SPATIAL COMPUTING FOR 
MULTIPLAYER GAMES R SCMG 3 0 0 0 3 3

=== PAGE 180 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 179
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
10 PEC PE-3 23SCI3303A
SPATIAL COMPUTING PLATFORMS 
AND DEVELOPMENT A SCPD 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23SCI3303E
SPATIAL COMPUTING PLATFORMS 
AND DEVELOPMENT E SCPD 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23SCI3303R
SPATIAL COMPUTING PLATFORMS 
AND DEVELOPMENT R SCPD 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23SCI3404M
SPATIAL AND SOCIAL IMPLICATIONS 
OF IMMERSIVE TECHNOLOGIES M SSIIT 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-4 23SCI3405M SPATIAL AUDIO DESIGN FOR GAMES M SADG 3 0 0 0 3 3
15 PEC PE-5 23SCI3506 SPATIAL USER INTERFACE DESIGN R SUID 3 0 0 0 3 3
16 PEC PE-5 23SCI3507
INTRODUCTION TO SPATIAL 
COMPUTING R ITSC 3 0 0 0 3 3
79. SPECIALIZATION: STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE06A
DESIGN & ANALYSIS OF DIFFERENT 
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS USING 
SAFE 
A SAFE 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE06E
DESIGN & ANALYSIS OF DIFFERENT 
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS USING 
SAFE 
E SAFE 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE06R
DESIGN & ANALYSIS OF DIFFERENT 
STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS USING 
SAFE 
R SAFE 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23STE3101A
ADVANCED CONCRETE 
TECHNOLOGY A ACT 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23STE3101E
ADVANCED CONCRETE 
TECHNOLOGY E ACT 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23STE3101R
ADVANCED CONCRETE 
TECHNOLOGY R ACT 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23STE3202A ADVANCED STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS A ASA 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23STE3202E ADVANCED STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS E ASA 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23STE3202R ADVANCED STRUCTURAL ANALYSIS R ASA 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23STE3203A
ADVANCED DESIGN OF STEEL 
STRUCTURE A ADSS 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23STE3203E
ADVANCED DESIGN OF STEEL 
STRUCTURE E ADSS 5 0 0 0 5 5
EM(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23STE3203R
ADVANCED DESIGN OF STEEL 
STRUCTURE R ADSS 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23STE3304A BRIDGE ENGINEERING A BE 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1

=== PAGE 181 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 180
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
14 PEC PE-3 23STE3304E BRIDGE ENGINEERING E BE 4 0 4 4 7 12
EM(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23STE3304R BRIDGE ENGINEERING R BE 3 0 2 4 5 9
EM(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23STE3405M PRESTRESSED CONCRETE M PC 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23STE3406M
PRECAST AND PREFABRICATED 
STRUCTURES M PPS 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23STE3507 PRE ENGINEERING STRUCTURES R PES 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23STE3508
ADVANCED DESIGN OF REINFORCED 
CONCRETE STRUCTURES R ADRCS 3 0 0 0 3 3
EM(1) 
Rule:1
80. SPECIALIZATION: VERY LARGE-SCALE INTEGRATION
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC18A
VLSI SUBMICRON DESIGN AND 
VERIFICATION A VSDV 0 0 6 4 4 10
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC18E
VLSI SUBMICRON DESIGN AND 
VERIFICATION E VSDV 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDEC18R
VLSI SUBMICRON DESIGN AND 
VERIFICATION R VSDV 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23VLS3101A ANALOG VLSI DESIGN A AVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
5 PEC PE-1 23VLS3101E ANALOG VLSI DESIGN E AVD 4 0 4 4 7 12
6 PEC PE-1 23VLS3101R ANALOG VLSI DESIGN R AVD 3 0 2 4 5 9
7 PEC PE-2 23VLS3202A
TESTING AND VERIFICATION OF 
VLSI CIRCUITS A TVVC 5 0 0 0 5 5
8 PEC PE-2 23VLS3202E
TESTING AND VERIFICATION OF 
VLSI CIRCUITS E TVVC 5 0 0 0 5 5
9 PEC PE-2 23VLS3202R
TESTING AND VERIFICATION OF 
VLSI CIRCUITS R TVVC 3 0 0 0 3 3
10 PEC PE-3 23VLS3303A
VLSI PHYSICAL DESIGN 
AUTOMATION A VPDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
11 PEC PE-3 23VLS3303E
VLSI PHYSICAL DESIGN 
AUTOMATION E VPDA 4 0 4 4 7 12
12 PEC PE-3 23VLS3303R
VLSI PHYSICAL DESIGN 
AUTOMATION R VPDA 3 0 2 4 5 9
13 PEC PE-4 23VLS3404M SYSTEM-ON-CHIP M SOC 3 0 0 0 3 3
14 PEC PE-5 23VLS3505 MIXED SIGNAL IC DESIGN R MSID 3 0 0 0 3 3
81. SPECIALIZATION: WATER RESOURCE AND ENVIRONMENTAL ENGINEERING
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE07A ARC-GIS (PRO) A ARC 0 0 6 4 4 10

=== PAGE 182 ===
Y23: B.Tech. - Artificial Intelligence and Data Science 181
Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (Deemed to be University)
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
2 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE07E ARC-GIS (PRO) E ARC 0 0 6 4 4 10
3 SDC SDP-4 23SDCE07R ARC-GIS (PRO) R ARC 0 0 2 4 2 6
4 PEC PE-1 23WRE3101A RIVER ENGINEERING A RE 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
5 PEC PE-1 23WRE3101E RIVER ENGINEERING E RE 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
6 PEC PE-1 23WRE3101R RIVER ENGINEERING R RE 3 0 2 4 5 9
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
7 PEC PE-2 23WRE3202A
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AND 
LANDFILLS A SWML 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
8 PEC PE-2 23WRE3202E
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AND 
LANDFILLS E SWML 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
9 PEC PE-2 23WRE3202R
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT AND 
LANDFILLS R SWML 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
10 PEC PE-2 23WRE3203A
DESIGN OF HYDRAULIC 
STRUCTURES A DHS 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
11 PEC PE-2 23WRE3203E
DESIGN OF HYDRAULIC 
STRUCTURES E DHS 5 0 0 0 5 5
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
12 PEC PE-2 23WRE3203R
DESIGN OF HYDRAULIC 
STRUCTURES R DHS 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
13 PEC PE-3 23WRE3304A WATER RESOURCES FIELD METHODS A WRFM 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
14 PEC PE-3 23WRE3304E WATER RESOURCES FIELD METHODS E WRFM 4 0 4 4 7 12
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
15 PEC PE-3 23WRE3304R WATER RESOURCES FIELD METHODS R WRFM 3 0 2 4 5 9
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
16 PEC PE-4 23WRE3405M
URBAN WATER HYDROLOGY AND 
HYDRAULICS M UWHH 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
17 PEC PE-4 23WRE3406M
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT 
ASSESSMENT AND LIFE CYCLE 
ANALYSES
M EIALCA 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
18 PEC PE-5 23WRE3507
PHYSICO-CHEMICAL PROCESSES 
FOR WATER AND WASTEWATER 
TREATMENT 
R PCPWWT 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
19 PEC PE-5 23WRE3508
SUSTAINABLE ENGINEERING AND 
TECHNOLOGY R SET 3 0 0 0 3 3
FMH(1) 
Rule:1
84. PROJECT: CAPSTONE PROJECT
S# Cat Sub-Cat CourseCode Course Title Mode Acrym L T P S CR CH Pre-req
1 PRI 23IE4053A CAPSTONE PROJECT - 1 A CP-1 0 0 10 20 10 30
2 PRI 23IE4053R CAPSTONE PROJECT - 1 R CP-1 0 0 8 16 8 24
3 PRI 23IE4054A CAPSTONE PROJECT - 2 A CP-2 0 0 10 20 10 30
4 PRI 23IE4054R CAPSTONE PROJECT - 2 R CP-2 0 0 8 16 8 24

